5- Post mortem report .
blood started coming out .
hence , these appeals .
they have been proved .
testatrix died on 10.03.2009 .
display D is produced .
no action was taken .
hence the present complaint .
she identified the accused .
no light was burning .
Ravinder Singh was relocated .
their appeals are dismissed .
he supports his case .
which have been raised .
he examined the witnesses .
then she reached Samastipur .
Bageshwar Kunar died issueless .
this is clearly impermissible .
this leads to absurdity .
sentence has been pronounced .
both of them reported .
9 . application dismissed .
it cannot be both .
interim order is vacated .
this is not unjoint .
this is the man .
the object was laudable .
V . Sukhanpur 654 .
he retired on 30.4.1995 .
he retired on 31.03.1999 .
he got two children .
which is not correct .
this cannot be assessed .
under the said notification .
it is not acceptable .
will that be just ?
we loved Lakshmana Singh .
Suresh has falsely implicated .
one who wants him .
hence the trial proceeded .
the appellant is acquitted .
was he administered poison ?
Ex.2 supports his claim .
the Prusadi Mandal died .
Krishna had three sons .
Bhambhu Thakur was informant-complainant .
he had become suspect .
one who sought Panchayat .
who are formal witnesses .
they were declared hostile .
her husband was unconscious .
he took him out .
Narayan Baghbe had died .
it was becoming worse .
he is a neighbour .
she later died allegedly .
plaintiff No.1 was dead .
he was closely related .
he went after it .
his father had died .
he was kept away .
hence , this appeal .
writ petition is dismissed .
no evidence is required .
he is on bail .
this leads to absurdity .
his hand was broken .
he went to Bhagalpur .
five persons were killed .
the trachea was congested .
Arun is her nephew .
hence , this appeal .
the petition is dismissed .
hence , this revision .
the sides were dark .
Ramzan was going along .
they had returned home .
her lips were swollen .
the prayer was then .
para 6 is contradictory .
five persons were killed .
he had occasional attacks .
his behaviour was indifferent .
he ordered an enquiry .
the injured was unconscious .
this appeal is allowed .
the mouth was empty .
the uteri was observant .
there are several instances .
it fulfils this expectation .
it is set aside .
they were living separately .
Ext.3 : first information .
5 . inquest report .
OBC 148 91 115 109
Scheduled Tribe 148 44 45
Scheduled Caste - 3 .
Katihar 46 05 41 15
Bettiah 6 03 01 0103
Ext.5 : formal FIR .
22- This appeal is allowed .
the same is accordingly quashed .
2- formal first information report .
the informator was sitting around .
8- The appeals are dismissed .
the present proceeding is arising .
the appeal is thereby allowed .
no such action was taken .
the proceedings have become stale .
two persons were waiting there .
she identified all the accused .
she had fed her toffee .
he stated in his cross-examination .
the appeal was accordingly dismissed .
a fracture of left ulna .
thus , the trial proceeded .
Sardar was not with him .
she also identified her mobile .
nothing was recovered from him .
the writ petition was dismissed .
Manoj Chaudhary had died there .
Ramesh Chaudhary is his father .
Ramesh Choudhury was standing there .
Shikshant Chaudhury was also injured .
he had stopped the motorcycle .
respondent No.2 is on bail .
he supports the prosecution case .
it will be Ambika Tiwari .
this is an agreement Ex.PK .
it has a managing committee .
13- The appeal is dismissed .
the false entry was charged .
the writ appeal is allowed .
hence , the present application .
this is not the case .
the said post was quoted .
( emphasis supplied by me )
Pniti had only one daughter .
no partition suit is pending .
they constitute a distinct category .
it is limited by definition .
( II ) family pension .
( d ) Pension Fund .
they were stated as follows :
the same are accordingly quashed .
the petitioner challenges its correctness .
PW-36 is the plaintiff himself .
this application is accordingly allowed .
22 . registration of candidates .
which goes against its correctness .
the petitioner is already married .
the appeal is accordingly dismissed .
they signed the seizure list .
he ran away from there .
writ petition is dismissed . 
the appellants are on bail .
this application is accordingly dismissed .
thus , there was acquittal .
they have contested the petitions .
18- The petitions are dismissed .
no reference could be made .
he was full of standards .
mere technicalities need not interfere .
it is not a lie .
a . G . Yes .
Oh , no . G .
there is a false enmity .
his testimony cannot be accepted .
Exh.12 is his inquest report .
this appellant is on bail .
she was a married woman .
PW-7 is an injured witness .
PW-12 is a formal witness .
nothing is mentioned about this .
the inquest report is Ext.6 .
the others were not recognised .
4- The writ is allowed .
this appeal is accordingly dismissed .
this case is clearly different .
she also identified the accused .
they were at close quarters .
but the target was missed .
they start shouting for help .
his name was accordingly deleted .
hence the present writ petitions .
appellant no.1 is on bail .
4- The application is allowed .
he was chased and apprehended .
tetrahydrocannababinol is its key constituent .
( ii ) Amman damaged .
the incharge official had come .
thereafter , he was murdered .
this fact was never challenged .
the dead body was tied .
he generously collected a toddy .
he is the most poor .
which naturally he had denied .
14- PW-6 has been called .
he found the earth lost .
11- The application is allowed .
Ex . 4 : inquest report .
PW2 is called by the prosecution .
a / I - 6 hours .
a / 1 - 6 hours .
2- The appellants are deed writer .
20- The appellants are on bail .
the witnesses had signed the will .
they all signed in his presence .
accordingly , the revision is dismissed .
9- PW-3 is a ballistic expert .
once again the matter was reopened .
he was followed by this witness .
he was checked by the doctor .
here , the situation is otherwise .
both of them had raised alarm .
thus both the petitions are allowed .
accused Vijay used to beat him .
his daughter was missing since 14.6.1992 .
the notice was again duly served .
but the complainant did not attend .
skin was also identified with tattooing .
PW-7 had narrated about the incident .
the police officer took their statements .
PW-8 Ravindra Singh is his co-relation .
22- PW-14 is the Investigating Officer .
a special task force was constituted .
thus viewed , two situations arise .
but that was not to be .
it is neither just nor just .
when they had become so entitled .
the result was announced on 23.05.2011 .
the incident was witnessed by co-villagers .
cognizance was taken against the accused .
Ramanuja continues to live in Realaiga .
14- PW5 is the Investigating Officer .
Dinesh Chaudhury was injured and unconscious .
co - villagers had assembled there .
both are accused in this case .
he was given a farsa blow .
both the sentences shall run concurrently .
Pankaj Chaudhury is already in custody .
22- This application is disposed of .
10- PW10 Banana Devi is suffering .
all of them were independent witnesses .
he was not kidnapped or abducted .
the report was received on 13.01.2009 .
the report is under different headings .
these findings are findings of fact .
what would subsequently be not prescribed .
the jurisdiction should be specifically conferred .
yet he is only one member .
she is step-father of the prosecutrix .
they went to the police station .
then she asked for her child .
the concerned miscellaneous petitions are closed .
appeal was filed by the defendantrespondents .
which does not require any interference .
the accident occurred on NH 31 .
he shall be entitled to get .
this order is wholly without jurisdiction .
11- No order as to costs .
at present it is in jail .
the petitioner must be released forthwith .
the sentences were to run concurrently .
hence , there is no delay .
he is pleased with his service .
PW-11 is one of the plaintiffs .
7 . this application is allowed .
there is only one left issueless .
( e ) General Provident Fund .
10- The writ petition is allowed .
he had to go to Raghpur .
the writ application stands disposed of .
heard learned counsel for the appellant .
on seeing this , he intervened .
his cousin Shiv Prasad fell down .
private part was in normal condition .
they were carrying dagger and revolver .
thus , he had a kidney .
an act of tattling after scratch .
the plaintiffs had never challenged it .
I have been pressed by me .
the industry was bound by it .
( mentioned in Appendix - B )
once the option used is final .
appellant Dineshwar Rai is on bail .
this witness had proved his fardbeyan .
both are liable to be rejected .
by which the court is bound .
this is a well established law .
he ran and caught a net .
learned Additional Public Prosecutor is present .
4- The writ petition is allowed .
he was wrongly deprived of promotion .
17- The writ application is allowed .
( paras 3 to 6 ) Advocates
further promotion will not be entitled .
all other legal consequences would follow .
unfortunately , this has not happened .
something that was important and relief .
PW-5 is the wife of the deceased .
during this time , Parash Sah arrived .
effect of injury : Maheshwari Sah fallen .
they are members of the joint family .
both the exhibits are Ex.5 / 1 .
C / l . fire arms hurt .
twenty - five years have already passed .
he was not suffering from any illness .
which have already been displayed as exhibit .
CWJC No. 5192 of 2004 is allowed .
accordingly , this writ petition is dismissed .
however , none of them heard him .
Kanhaiya Jha had snatched his wrist watch .
8- Accordingly , this application is allowed .
if not required in any other case .
13- CWJC No.3223 of 2012 is dismissed .
his testimony cannot be lightly brushed aside .
I am a widow of Government servant .
their children do not live with them .
the Panchayat was provided at the door .
we have heard Shri Thakur in detail .
his mother was cutting grass close by .
he was allegedly assaulted by the appellant .
the document was undisputedly submitted on 30.08.2010 .
the orders passed by him are final .
this will unnecessarily delay the matter only .
15- The writ application is disposed of .
this witness did not see the incident .
she informed her husband about this fact .
again a number of calls were made .
he stayed with them for 10 days .
thereafter , they took her to Haldani .
he took her to S.T. , Haldani .
thereafter , she was taken to Haldwani .
other witnesses have deposed about the incident .
the trial court had considered each evidence .
so , he is the landless person .
skin had become black on the wound .
they denied and claimed to be tried .
the officer incharge was carrying two persons .
one mobile was recovered from Bhola Kusha .
PW-8 was thrown in the cane field .
he was kept confined for 11 days .
the identification table is marked as Ext.-6 .
thereafter , he was ready on 26.11.2011 .
he was tied to the shyam tree .
thereafter , he did not meet her .
his statement was recorded under Section 164 Cr.P.C.
all aspects including reservation have been considered .
Bihar Public Service Commission also recommended there .
Government policy was there for the absorption .
Ramanuja Chaudhury had instigated to shoot him .
his father's brothers live separately .
he was taken to the Khagaria hospital .
she had not sustained any gun-shot injury .
Ram Kumar Choudhary was armed with firearms .
Binoy Kumar Choudhary was armed with farsa .
he had gone to Beagusai by bus .
19 . DW-5 is a formal witness .
a case is made out under him .
apparently Sanjay was missing from his house .
accordingly , the title appeal was dismissed .
this will not go to the respondent .
12- PW-8 is Dr. Shiv Shankar Jha .
the appellants were further sent for trial .
thereafter , they left her by train .
what had happened then is a mystery .
his statement is not of any use .
he had appeared and contested the case .
thus , the order is set aside .
therefore , no interference is called for .
21- PW-4 is the most important witness .
she filed a show of her cause .
thus , no shop was found vacant .
the reply was considered by the authority .
the State is supposed to act unarbitrarily .
there was no head in the skeleton .
no such definitive evidence has been placed .
there was no enmity between these people .
accordingly , such an order is made .
12- Accordingly , this appeal is allowed .
the incident was witnessed by the villagers .
10- Resultantly , this order is allowed .
the departmental appeal was dismissed on 04.04.2011 .
he was absconding for a long time .
it will vitiate the impugned order of suspicion-
other allegations were denied by the defendant .
they were employees employed under the defendant-appellants .
PW-3 Kedar Singh is a formal witness .
24- All the appellants are on bail .
the equipments were opened by the appellant .
there was never any demand for money .
where there was to be a transaction .
the amount was not paid on demand .
the writ petition was allowed in 1990 .
Tek Narayan Prasad was the original plaintiff .
6- The defendants filed their written statements .
the propounder must explain the suspicious circumstances .
the learned trial court shall proceed accordingly .
a final selection has to be made .
9- Accordingly , the writ application is allowed .
thus , the prosecution relies on such statements .
the incident was seen in the electrical light .
soon after , the injured Maheshwar Sah died .
his wife ( PW-5 ) was feeding him .
they are discharged of their respective bail bonds .
he was in a fit state of mind .
18- Accordingly , an order has been made .
the dicki of the car was switched off .
you w'll tell me after finding out .
no attention was paid to a legal notice .
1953 , AIR 2012 SC ( Cri . )
which can be made use of such revisional jurisdiction
three sale deeds were executed by the defendants .
he was also accompanied by two unknown persons .
it was not with respect to the land .
the present case is again one such case .
she had shown her house from a distance .
the person has been identified in the court .
this man's name is Prem Yadav .
he feigned ignorance about the path and place .
he had given all information to the police .
police had inquired about the matter to him .
he had taken the restatement of the informant .
Shyam Kishore Sharma . - I 5 5 5
the land should , therefore , be settled .
the time spent after death was 24 hours .
21- Consequently , both the appeals are allowed .
Mihir Kumar Jha , J. I agree .
Krishna Yadav identified Upendra Chaudhury as his son .
12- PW4 is the informator of this case .
she identified the written report ( Ext.-1 ) .
16- PW-8 is the victim of the incident .
Krishna Yadav was present there with two others .
the hands and feet of PW-8 were tied .
she also identified the two in the court .
he had gone home to save his life .
where the cause of the proceedings has arisen .
these two petitions do not help the appellants .
the facts of this case are quite different .
5- PW-2 is the uncle of Mujibur Rahman .
the State delayed the matter without any reason .
that right cannot be deprived of the petitioner .
this term was concluded in the year 2011 .
the reason for the payment , as above .
but do we retain so high a standard ?
this is not available in the present case .
deceased Manoj Chaudhary was running to save him .
both the chambers of the heart were empty .
after investigation , he submitted the charge sheet .
he noticed that Manoj Kumar Choudhary was holding .
Dinesh Chowdhary and Manoj Chaudhary had fallen down .
the injury report was received by the police .
otherwise , it would not be a compromise .
I shall in his evidence point out improbabilities .
both PWs 3 and 4 support the prosecution .
hence , the suit itself was not maintainable .
the impugned order is allowed the cancelled application .
he had travelled by train the whole night .
she had accompanied them by her own will .
he was thereafter taken to the police station .
the police party , however , stopped him .
they have been declared hostile by the prosecution .
PW-12 is the Investigating Officer of the case .
she died during the pendency of this appeal .
what has to be done when that happens ?
no transfer of any property can be made .
this second appeal is , thus , allowed .
9- Now , the issue of jurisdiction comes .
this will be an appeal to the Kaiser .
21- Accordingly , the writ application is allowed .
this point is accordingly decided against the plaintiff-appellant .
there was no injury on her private parts .
no sperm was found in his vaginal discharge .
she had worked there for about three years .
he thereafter told his mother about the incident .
during this time , his uncle had come .
she had told her uncle about the incident .
26- The defence has also examined two witnesses .
such a marriage is not permissible in law .
several other facts have also been pointed out .
it is recommended or recommended in most cases .
18- Accordingly , this writ petition is dismissed .
local Management Grade on 1 . 8 . 1986
( e ) 25 years after pensionable service .
that order , therefore , had become final .
counter affidavit and response thereto are on record .
8- Accordingly , the writ petition is allowed .
initially the suit was decreed by the compromise .
11- Accordingly , this writ application is allowed .
he ran there and found a human skeleton .
as a result , the appeal is allowed .
list of transactional engineers is Annexure - 2 .
in fact , no departmental proceedings were pending .
but the trial for promotion cannot be excluded .
11- Accordingly , the writ petition is allowed .
8- The defendants have also produced documentary evidence .
the petitioner was only allotted room No. 33 .
this is intended to deal with a contingency .
this has been illegally sealed by the respondents-authorities .
none of those witnesses has ever been declared hostile .
all the three assailants had fled towards the north .
they had pleaded Sunita , hence the trial proceeded .
for this , the prosecution has examined four eye-witnesses .
the informant narrated the incident which was around 8 p.m.
this evidence has come in para 3 of PW1 .
hence his conviction under Section 302 IPC is upheld .
all the wounds were besieged by the black region .
as noticed above , Will is marked as Exhibit-1 .
the testator had signed each page of the will .
an opportunity will be given to make a representation .
the representation was made on 29th July , 2013 .
the petitioner prays that the said representation be considered .
accordingly , the suit of the plaintiff was decreed .
the investigation can also be ordered by the CBI .
this argument is taken note of only to reject .
it is just being made to cover their failure .
persons in three positions have been employed on contract .
the said miscellaneous case was also dismissed on 16.03.2012 .
hence , he has to be dealt with accordingly .
in such circumstances , the petitioner should be prosecuted .
he tested and found the weapons and ammunitions effective .
the said notice was duly answered by the petitioner .
the interlocutory application No.700 of 2013 is disposed of .
obviously , the petitioner has failed in that test .
there is no dispute on this finding of fact .
he was armed with Lathi , Bhala and Pharsa .
Nago Singh had brought his two sons on horse .
2- The subject matter is in a short compass .
a departmental proceeding was also initiated against the delinquent .
the delinquent cannot have any further cause of action .
he is also a attestation witness of the fardbeyan .
20- In the result , this appeal is allowed .
these facts are not disputed in the counter affidavit .
no provision of appeal has been arranged against it .
it does not exclude judicial review under Article 226 .
the case was committed to the Court of Session .
that person disclosed his name to Prem Prakash Yadav .
he had provided the telephone number to the police .
the man who accompanied him went away leaving him .
as has been calculated by the learned trial court .
he has no idea where VIP bag was seized .
the seizure list has already been marked as Exhibit-3 .
they have fully supported the case of the prosecution .
21- In the result , these appeals are dismissed .
the police had taken both the persons into custody .
a telephone number was given of Bettiah Police Station .
at that time , Bhola had also accompanied her .
on 27.11.2011 , he left the train for Bettiah .
but Bhola had remained with her for a day .
he has proved the formal FIR ( Exh.7 ) .
confessional statement of Krishna Yadav was recorded on 07.12.2011 .
thereafter , they took them to hospital for treatment .
12- PW-3 Arvind Kumar is the brother of the informant-
4- PW-4 Md . Hasal is brother's gotra .
in this context , two facts may be noted .
12- In the result , this appeal is allowed .
7- They had been working in the same manner .
the facts of the present case are totally different .
thus , the matter was reached the Supreme Court .
the informator was taken to Sadar Hospital for treatment .
Gopal Chaudhary's business is in the serai .
Dinesh Chaudhury's house is from the east .
he has supported the case of prosecution like PW-1 .
the cervical cavity contained blood clots and brain material .
formal FIR by way of Exh.5 has been proved .
he did not examine how they got their injuries .
17 . PW-3 is the son of Dinesh Choudhary .
Ram Kumar Choudhary had come there armed with pistol .
he admitted that there is Government Hospital in Begusai .
he had not gone to Government Hospital at Bedusai .
such injuries are not fatal and are not visible .
13- I have heard learned counsels for the parties .
she also claims that Sanjay used to take tuition .
the aforesaid suggestion has been denied by the witnesses .
his name was also given by the former landlord .
the other witnesses are the eye-witnesses of the incident .
Hon'ble Rakesh Kumar , J. Madhulay and others .
respectively marked as exhibit Exts.2 , 3 and 4 .
they had raped her for about 10 days continuously .
she states that police did not record her statement .
she was moving from place to place without resistance .
I also agree with the test in that case .
8- In the result , this appeal is allowed .
after declaring them hostile , the prosecution examined them .
the sample was taken from one or two packets .
no inventory was prepared to justify the seized guarantee .
the material exhibits were never produced in the court .
hence , the accused is entitled to be acquitted .
it is mentioned that she has constructed a temple .
this , in my opinion , cannot be said .
the plaintiff is not a member of the family .
in my opinion , there is no such protest .
he had no jurisdiction at all in the matter .
both the persons had died in the same accident .
one who declares the age of youth or child .
whenever she offered marriage to him , she denied .
19- PW-2 is Dr. ( Smt ) Annapurna Singh .
his age was assessed between 19 - 20 years .
20- PW-3 Raj Kumar Paswan is an hearsay witness .
Harendra Sah ( PW-3 ) was the witness of fardbeyan .
the wound was on the right side of the stomach .
it was within 20 hours of its passing after death .
however , both the sentences are directed to run concurrently .
6- We are unable to agree with Mr. Rajendra Prasad .
6- The appellants and Naval Kishore Sharma were also tried .
the petitioner being the youngest son performed her last rites .
the said Will was the last will of the testator .
the will executed by the testator at Ex . 1 .
AWI Ram Bahadur Singh is one of the attesting witnesses .
the Will was executed by the testator in his favour .
the will and its contents are proved by the witnesses .
however , none has appeared on behalf of respondent no.5 .
5- The petition is disposed of in the above terms .
this fact has not been disputed by defendant-respondent No. 1 .
the judgment and decree of the trial court are recalled .
it seems that my boy has died of the injury .
today the dicker of the crashed car is switched off .
9- For the aforesaid reason , we allow this appeal .
as mentioned above , the petitioner was in this panel .
the said agreement is Appendix 5 of the present application .
thus , they have supported the case of the prosecution .
the incident is of 1997 and aged about 10 years .
he had , therefore , invested huge amounts of money .
as a result , the running decisions are set aside .
this could not have been ruled out by the appellants .
the said order is meaningless in the eyes of law .
he submits that many persons were appointed on compassionate ground .
the cross examination was not successful in refuting its veracity .
15- The impugned judgment , therefore , is set aside .
PW10 Sachchidananda Choudhury is the Investigating Officer of the case .
8- PW-8 Ravinder Singh is the informator of the case .
thereafter Ravinder landed from the bus and gave five rupees .
the said amendment application was rejected by the appellate court .
that evidence has been considered by both the courts below .
Ram Naresh Singh picked up some things from a box .
accused persons also fired gun in the course of escape .
13- For the aforesaid reason , the appeal is allowed .
the respondent is directed to co-operate in the departmental proceedings .
5- The Tribunal has been created by a statutory order .
therefore , no offence is made out under this section .
the defence of the accused persons is of false implication .
she also stated that one day telephone had been received .
after taking her child , she had returned to Kahalgaon .
he had given a written notice in the police station .
14 . PW-8 is the Investigating Officer of this case .
PW-6 is the paternal grand-father and informant- of the victim .
the literal meaning of the landless should be given effect .
the injury caused by fire arms was ante-mortem in nature .
the defence of the accused is that they are innocent .
Krishna Yadav alias Maama was also with the police party .
thereafter , Krishna had moved forward and others followed him .
he is a workman only for the last 4 years .
she also stated that police party was armed with firearms .
thereafter PWs 5 , 6 and 7 had been banished .
she also identified her signature ( Ext.3 / 2 ) .
instead of her living , she had changed every time .
he has identified his signature ( Exh.4 ) on 9.12.2011 .
he had climbed into the train and had gone home .
she identified her signatures at Ex . 4 / 5 .
he does not know the name of the old man .
source of information has been received from PW-7 Rajendra Singh .
there is no likelihood of any confusion in the FIR .
50- Resultantly , the reference of death is set aside .
Bhola Thakur was beaten by Kapil Thakur with a stick .
this witness has answered that Pulani was on his ground .
there was no default on the part of the petitioner .
which is vested to assist the change in a right .
thus seen , the petitioner had right to be absorbed .
the payment was exonerated in compliance of the judicial direction .
it has prepared one of the grounds of its removal .
these proceedings were not initiated before the elections of 2006 .
in view of this , appendix 26 is also rescinded .
11- PW-2 is the informant and father of the deceased .
12- PW-3 is the informant and victim of the incident .
they informed the police about the arrival of the injured .
he collected blood stained earth from the place of incident .
in the meanwhile , Ram Kumar Choudhary fired the shot .
she saw that Manoj Kumar Choudhary had received gunshot injury .
leave behind his mentioned heirs lies behind him in heaven .
14- Order XXIII Rule 3 deals with compromise of suit .
he is in custody for 3 months and 29 days .
4- Both the parties have produced oral and documentary evidence .
the appellant Gopal Singh had placed a pistol on him .
she also admits that childhood is four kilometres from Samasa .
thereafter , she used to live with one Mukesh Singh .
there , too , he did not make any disclosure .
the appellant Umesh Ram did not meet inside the house .
Jayakal Devi was arrested and brought to the police station .
however , nothing material could come out from their cross-examination .
he states that a woman was caught outside the house .
he also admits he had not gone inside the house .
he also admits that the seized ganja was not sealed .
all these witnesses were present when the bomb was thrown .
the plaintiff and his father were staying with Bageshwar Kunar .
the mutawalli is also not a member of the family .
this is apparent from Annexure-3 , which is dated 15.09.1989 .
it is this main order which is under challenge effectively .
he challenged this order on two grounds , inter alia .
it cannot be presumed or cannot be included in it .
the Committee of Management , therefore , came into the minority .
Ex . 1 / A Dedger signed by Lutto Manjhi .
death took place in shock and haemorrhage from Injury No. 1 .
Parash Sah is not a stranger as he is a neighbour .
some of the witnesses have stated that Parash Sah caught Maheshwari .
he is not held guilty and is acquitted of the charge .
the suggestion was also given at the back of her husband .
he claims to be in this business since 1986 - 87 .
no property was filed by anyone including relatives near the testator .
an amendment petition was filed seeking amendment of the main application .
counter affidavit has also been filed on behalf of the respondents .
however , they had taken a lot of money from home .
none is present on behalf of respondent Nos. 5 and 6 .
the same is true for Appellate Authority and Board of Revenue .
( II ) there is no evidence of payment of rent ;
no documentary evidence was produced in support of the said claim .
Hon'ble NALAYA PRASAD SINGH , J. Oudh Kishore Thakur , J.
one additional post can help the petitioner only , if any .
the parties , however , have to bear their own costs .
4- The Informant has extended the revisional jurisdiction of this Court .
the petitioner has not examined any defence witness in his defence .
therefore , the appropriate explanation is available on the record itself .
it is also clear that it contains the signatures of ACJM .
copy of the said order is marked to the writ petitioner .
this witness had proved the admission order as Ex . 1 .
the aforesaid circumstance , therefore , raises suspicion about the prosecution .
therefore , the aforesaid contradiction raises a suspicion about the prosecution .
evidence which creates confidence to contradict an injured witness is necessary .
which indicates the performance of the duties of Simati Sinha regularly .
the government considers your action to be merely pretentious and positive .
14- Thus , two things become clear from his aforesaid explanation .
Ex.2 Krishan Dev Mandal has been declared hostile by the prosecution .
at that time , Kumar was going to Kurseong by Katihar .
7- PW-1 , Krishna Mahto is the informant-in-charge of the case .
as a matter of fact , the bank failed to respond .
if respondent No.6 was not appointed , he raised a dispute .
on his confirmation , Lal Kunda and thereafter came to Haldwani .
he had not come to Haldani to take any of them .
thereafter both of them had gone from the rickshaw to Ramnagar .
she had an opportunity to talk to her parents at Haldani .
these appeals have no merit and are dismissed for this reason .
according to the doctor , the girl was habitual to cohabitation .
Vishwanath Agarwal Versus Sarla Nath Agarwal ( 2012 ) 7 SCC 288
3 . lacerated wound present on right side of neck with injury
after 3-4 days , the police came there at about 7-8 p.m.
after 3 - 4 kilometres , there was a sugarcane field .
the police officer had asked Krishna where he had kept Sardar .
he also stated that Krishan Yadav disclosed his name on telephone .
after crossing the river , Krishna gave the boatman the money .
in the night , she heard the voices of some persons .
relying on his statement , he had come to Krishna Yadav .
for this reason , the prosecution case should not be believed .
thus , we do not find any merit in their appeals .
there was a abrasion on the back of the right thumb .
14- PW5 Arun Kumar Thakur is the informator of this case .
she has stated that she sustained injuries on her left hand .
he came to this Court long before the Rules of 2003 .
they cannot be held unfit now and cannot be taken out .
because at that time the Selection Commission was not in existence .
the writ was decided in her favour by order dated 16.03.2009 .
Indian Penal Code , 1860 - Section 304 , Part II .
the left parital and occipital bones of the skull were broken .
it is not true that Dinesh Choudhury was building a house .
the body of Manoj Kumar Choudhary was taken to the hospital .
other grounds too , too , may shock the inner mind .
the evidence of these witnesses is consistent , reliable and trustworthy .
PW-5 Investigating Officer has also found blood stains on the spot .
the said fine is to be paid to the victim girl .
he also alleges that his brother Mrityunjaya Kumar was also present .
thus the involvement of Kishori Mohan and Mritunjaya Kumar becomes suspicious .
he claims that he had not intervened in the ongoing tussle .
Mandhata Singh , J. Heard learned counsels for the parties .
advocate . - Mr . VISKN , Form V or App ;
after her marriage , she was residing in her matrimonial home .
8- PW3 is the informant-in-aid of the case of Parmanand Choudhary .
he stated the age of his daughter as between 15-16 years .
he had prepared her daughter to go to cinema with him .
she had climbed into a train and there was the Leghinarai .
Mukesh Singh used to commit rape on each day with him .
the doctor has assessed his age between 17 and 19 years .
he was kept confined for about two and a half months .
there is no evidence that while travelling , she was unconscious .
she neither raised alarm nor resisted or in any manner whatsoever .
some co - villagers were provided with vehicles to draw loads .
the investigation officer was not a member of the raid party .
only the presence of this accused-appellant is stated by these witnesses .
hence , for the aforesaid relief , the suit was filed .
according to Hindu law , an idol is a judicial person .
no inherent power exists in any authority as declared by them .
it is the order of the managing committee of the Madarsa .
it is not a case of total non-consideration of the evidence .
the Investigating Officer of the case has been examined as PW-6 .
13- Now , I take over the merits of the case .
the learned Chief Judicial Magistrate has taken cognizance of the offence .
he has proved the written report , which is at Ex .
she states that the Lok Sabha elections were held on 16.6.1996 .
in her examination of the chief she fancies to be unmarried .
23- PW-6 Poonam Kumari is the Investigating Officer of the case .
his examination has no explanation on the part of the prosecution .
he submits that the instant petition deserves to be rejected directly .
Ex . 3 . endorsement and forwarding of endorsement by the officer-in-charge .
injury no.1 died and injury No. 2 was the result of stitches .
Devaki Sah stabbed the matter in the right side of Maheshwari Sah .
hence , the case of Paras Sah is entirely on different ground .
M / I - A scar of old wound right from forehead .
Rule 3 of the Rules provides the qualifications for a deed writer .
5- Mr. Rajendra Prasad , learned counsel has appeared for the appellants .
thereafter , no examination has been conducted for the last 12 years .
neither any objection nor any representation had been filed on his behalf .
this Court granted opportunity to N.R. 2 to file objections and objections .
they claim to identify the signature of their father on the will .
he also identified the Will ( marked as Ex . 1 ) .
the execution of the Will was the voluntary act of the testator .
advocate . - Mr . Jetcea Prasied , Bud Notifications , Mr .
the defendant had filed a title appeal before the lower appellate court .
when they came here they found that they had not received money .
the incident has happened due to the negligence driving of the vehicle .
4- The claim was contested by the appellant who is a purchaser .
the non-recording of his findings by the lower authority vitiate the order .
the defendant had also denied to pay any rent to the plaintiff .
in the absence of which the authority could not consider his case .
this Court is not interested in what had happened in the meanwhile .
heard learned counsel for the petitioner and learned counsel for the respondent .
their evidence has been dealt with by the trial court very seriously .
there is no such disclosure that it was ever signed by PW-2 .
the aforesaid incident was caused in the background of the land dispute .
4- The suit property is mentioned in Schedule 1 of the plaint .
thus , Dr. Sinha appears to be guilty of the said absence .
I also sent the application for special leave on 14.05.03 by post .
operational Practitioners Sub Secretary , Health Department , Bihar , Patna .
27- With the aforementioned observations and reference , this application is decanted .
she also sustained injuries on her right hand and neck by others .
this witness has proved his written report by way of Exhibit 2 .
now , therefore , this issue was not before the trial court .
Jamuna Devi , mother of Ram Kumar Singh , was also there .
at the time of escape , they were locked in a room .
in the absence of Panchas , he handed over both the sons .
after two days , Ram Kumar Singh had returned both the children .
the delinquent had urged that he be relieved from the suspension forthwith .
what the petitioner wanted was to revoke the suspension and nothing more .
8- PW-2 Gauri Mehto is the uncle and informant-in-law of the deceased .
10- PW-4 Champa Devi is the informator and mother of the deceased .
in the light of his evidence , he has been declared hostile .
this fact is secondary for the reason that it had more marks .
5- Under the observations made above , this persistent application is allowed .
6- With the aforesaid change of sentence , the appeal stands dismissed .
one day the kidnappers had advised him to talk to the sea .
two persons had asked him whether he had brought the entire amount .
12- PW-G is the informant-in-law and is the grandfather of the victim .
the prosecution has been able to prove its case beyond reasonable doubt .
3- To substantiate the prosecution case , 8 witnesses have been examined .
this version has been brought before this Court for the first time .
Hon'ble Rakesh Kumar , J. Hon'ble Dr. Naresh Sharma , J.
he applied for settlement of the suit land through his Commandant Officer .
the Collector handed over the file to DLR for enquiry and report .
( ii ) Whether the lower Court has misconstrued and misinterpreted Ex.-II .
it provides that precedence should be given while entering into a settlement :
( E ) to refugees from East Pakistan and Verma after 1.1.1964 .
if this submission is accepted , it will create confusion and chaos .
the lower appellate court had recorded that the plaintiff is not landless .
hence , I do not find any force in this second appeal .
the appellants are on bail and are accordingly discharged of their liability .
prior to this incident , he had never seen Upendra with Krishna .
he has been identified in the Court as Krishna Yadav and Ravi .
he also stated that Krishan Yadav and others demanded ransom through telephone .
during this period , Krishna had also talked to her on mobile .
he also went to jail after the victim of the identification parade .
identification table is marked as Ext . 5 and 5 / 1 .
Krishna Yadav was there with three persons and offered tea and biscuits .
he identified Krishna , Chandeshwar , Upendra and Bhola in the court .
he also identified his mobile , which was recovered from Ravi Mahes .
I read out my statement and made the signature as correct . 
the defence was to be false implication on account of Panchayat elections .
PW-6 admits that a distant Rahman had filed a case against him .
thus , the court remains only the sole evidence of PW-6 informant .
she has not given any description about the injuries sustained by her .
he had thus worked before the 2003 Rules for almost a decade .
it had compelled the petitioner to file many suits and not one .
the authority cannot refuse to act on its own will or will .
many persons had come there after being panic and saw the incident .
there are three sons of Umu Choudhary , Kanhaiya and Kundan Choudhary .
the land dispute is going on between Dinesh Choudhary and Umesh Choudhary .
both the signatures have been noted as Ext . 1 and 1 .
Dinesh Chaudhary , Umesh Choudhary and Ramesh Choudhary are the real brothers .
she has stated that she had sustained injuries only with an axe .
one bullet was recovered from the right parabolic region of the brain .
the bullet must have been fired from a distance of 1 meters .
he has proved the fardbayan which is marked as Ex . -A .
he also states that these injuries cannot be manufactured by friendly hands .
he cannot say whether the police referred them to the Government Hospital .
Dinesh Chaudhary and Shikant Choudhary have not been explained the injuries suffered .
the case prepared by Rashid is that she went to the college .
therefore , after the gift , the name of the jamabandi mother .
therefore , no finding could be recorded in favour of the plaintiff .
he also admits that there is a land dispute between the parties .
11- PW-7 Md . Yusuf is an eye witness of the incident .
this , according to the doctor , is a life threatening condition .
13- PW10 Ram Bal Singh is the Investigating Officer in this case .
all the appellants have been in custody for at least three weeks .
failure to pay compensation would result in simple imprisonment for three months .
however , she also undergone detention for about eight and a half months .
she has also not stated anything about the dowry and the period etc .
the petitioner has paid the said amount on 8.3.2013 under coercion and threat .
6- Subject to the above observations , the writ petition is disposed of .
during this time , the neighbour Paras Sah ( appellant ) had come .
7- The defence has examined only one witness , namely , Ramji Singh .
PW-8 has conducted post mortem examination on the dead body of Maheshwari Sah .
PW-2 is also a witness on seizure lists nos . 5 and C .
( I ) two wounds on the inner border of left front arm .
( IV ) Four wounds on the upper surface of the right hand .
admittedly , the appellants have not passed the license examination the deed writer .
the aforesaid injuries were clearly visible at the time of the alleged incident .
he must have attained the age of 80 in today's date .
the petitioner is on bail , hence he is discharged of his liability .
a prayer has been made for the grant of probate of the will .
testatrix executed a Will in the month of October or September , 2006 .
this witness has identified the signatures of the attesting witnesses on the Will .
he admits that the Bihar Public Service Commission has received the aforesaid representation .
judgments were produced which are marked as Exhibits 7 and 7 / A .
the area of the land in Ext . D is only 3 Kathas .
the plaintiff has produced documentary evidence since 1917 in support of his case .
according to respondent no.5 , he is a co-sharer and a proximate ryot .
the appellant also challenged the claim of respondent No.5 being a nearby ryot .
the area of the plot in question is 7 Kathas and 10 axles .
the petitioner in this panel was in sixth number being a general category .
the Court orders where his case may be considered in accordance with law .
12- The writ petition is disposed of with the aforesaid test and reference .
during the course of the statement , he had merely denied the incident .
with regard to the incident , paras 8 and 9 are also present .
during cross-examination the defence may not be able to rebut his evidence . 
more than that , as it is today , he is on bail .
the licence was granted for a period up to 31st December , 2004 .
cognizance of the offence was taken and the appellant was put on trial .
2- Mr. Rajendra Prasad Singh , learned counsel has appeared for the petitioner .
14 . I shall deal with each one of the issues by one .
I m not going to see anyone at Baroda's house .
in Monger I left in Monghyr to get round and check and rest .
a certificate has also been given by the head of the Baroda section .
in such a situation leave can be granted as casual leave on 14.05.2003 .
Dr. Simati Sinha can be relieved of the charge mentioned in the Annexure .
Vice Secretary of the Government . . . 25 . 5 . 04 .
whereas the appellant Mohd . Alam had been able to escape from there .
his bag had already been snatched and then he was assaulted by Farasa .
this witness has also stated that he again regained consciousness in the hospital .
the plaintiffs were always ready and willing to pay the balance consideration amount .
they have given evidence of their willingness in support of their respective claims .
while Chano Singh gave lathi blow on him as well as Kunti Devi .
Ram Shankar Singh and Rajendra Singh were the witnesses to prove the FIR .
the admission scrutiny of the evidence of the witnesses during trial is inevitable .
hence , the concurrent findings of the courts in question are set aside .
6- In my view , this submission has been noticed only for rejection .
6- The Tribunal is a quasi judicial body constituted to decide a case .
even in his cross-examination , he has supported the case of the prosecution .
PW-7 is the doctor who has found the girl for about 14-15 years .
8- The appeal is accordingly dismissed with the aforesaid modification in the sentence .
on 24.07.2012 the matter was again heard and was taken up for hearing .
on these findings , the trial Court dismissed the suit of the plaintiff .
the recovered from the wound is being forwarded under a FB seal cover .
7- The prosecution in support of its case has examined the following witnesses .
he identified the accused Bhola Mahto , who was present in the Court .
he only knew the name of Krishna , his parents were not named .
PW-8 and Krishan had boarded the boat and the remaining two had returned .
PW-8 and Krishna had walked for about 45 minutes and reached a hut .
earlier , he had installed a Raeling machine in the State of Jharkhand .
9- 10 persons were put before him and the accused persons had identified .
at the instance of Krishna Yadav , he went to the station chowk .
he has also stated that he had taken him to a snail vehicle .
three more persons came there identified as accused Ravi , Liberation and Dashrath .
an old man of the village had come to him and opened it .
two persons came there and their names were Mukti Narayan Choudhury and Dasaratha .
PW-6 is Madan Kumar Pandey who has examined two injured in this case .
PW-6 contradicts each other with regard to injury on the person of the informant-
the remainder was to seek a concurrence only of Bihar Public Service Commission .
the argument on behalf of the State , thus , cannot be accepted .
25- The writ petitions are thus allowed with the aforesaid observations and directions .
on 10.05.2005 , one of Poonam Kumari was appointed as an education friend .
having reached the present status , they could be made non - entitled .
no one can be allowed to carry a whip on a dead horse .
merely because the power vested in the State Election Commission is not disputed .
he identified the two accused Pankaj Chaudhary and Shashi Choudhary in the Court .
his father's brothers live separately and are also divided into smats .
the death took place 12 hours at the time of post mortem examination .
they have proved the post mortem report , which is marked as Exhibit-2 .
in his opinion injuries No.1 , 2 and 3 are simple in nature .
both the injury reports are marked as Exhibits 3 and 3 / 1 .
he got information about the incident which was mentioned in the case diary .
situated on behalf of the defence , 3 Shikshanta Chaudhury has been examined .
5- Therefore , there is an inquiry on two aspects of this case .
the radiologist's report would be very relevant to indicate his age .
after the settlement , permit was issued and rental receipt was also released .
hence , the property is properly recorded in the name of the defendant .
7- As stated above , none is present on behalf of the respondent .
present case has been filed under section 106 of the Bihar Tenancy Act .
no separate sentence has been passed under Section 323 of Indian Penal Code .
he submits that this document was not exhibited before the learned Claims Tribunal .
4- In the course of investigation , the victim prayed Devi was recovered .
in cross-examination , he states that the victim was married five years ago .
thereafter , Gopal Singh and Mukesh Singh had snatched his jewellery and stick .
she states that her signatures were obtained on four or five blank papers .
the train was stop at these stations for some time and then proceeded .
learned counsel would submit that the new Committee of Management has not been elected .
thus , the order passed on 10.12.2012 has lost its force after six months .
Akhilesh Chandra , J. Both the appeals arise out of the same judgment .
they have been heard together and are being disposed of by this common judgment .
on Ex . 1 / B - fardbeyan , the signatures of Niru Manjhi .
necessary follow - up work will be carried out within a month from today .
Maheshwari Sah fainted on the way and its unconscious state continued till his death .
Devaki Sah and Suresh Sah started abusing Maheshwari Sah , whose answer was given .
the case of the prosecution that Maheshwari Sah was stabbed and properly set up .
the allegation that Maheshwari died due to stabbing by Dev Sah is well established .
hence , two parties have appeared in connection with the role of Paras Sah .
hence , his case stands on a different footing from that of Devaki Sah .
he is ordered to be released forthwith if not required in any other case .
he had stated that he had not found any blank work on the spot .
admittedly , the aforesaid land was PW-5 and the ancestral land of the appellants .
accordingly , the appellants are acquitted of the charges while granting benefit of doubt .
thus the aforesaid propounder is not going to support the plea of the petitioner .
the witness identified the signatures of the testatrix on each page of the Will .
3- Mr. Vikas Kumar , learned counsel has appeared for Bihar Public Service Commission .
Ext . 5 has been produced by the plaintiff in support of his case .
I do not yet know who my boys used to accompany Ravi Shankar Dwivedi .
14 . with the above observations , this writ application is hereby disposed of .
they have relied on the genealogy presented in Appendix 6 of the writ petition .
2- I shall refer to the position of the parties before the trial Court .
3- The State has filed a counter affidavit and the reply is on record .
it is not disputed that the petitioner has been participating in the execution proceedings .
the fact that the parties entered into a compromise is also not in dispute .
16 . consequently , the writ petition is allowed to the extent indicated above .
V.N. Sinha , J. Heard the petitioners and learned counsel for the State .
it is apparent from the record that the Investigating Officer has not been examined .
he also submitted that the complainant sustained seven injuries and he lost two teeth .
the fact of recovery is not supported even by any of the independent witnesses .
consequently , the running decisions do not justify it's over - riding .
he has contested the appeal and supported the order of the learned Single Judge .
the licence which had already expired could not have been renewed in any event .
14- The Registry to send a copy of this order to the respondent forthwith .
he had come out of the office and met the appellant outside the office .
this finding could have been recorded only in an appeal filed by the appellants .
6- For the aforesaid reason , this petition is dismissed at the very threshold .
the name of Punai Yadav is recorded as an occupancy ryot in survey works .
Dukuni Kunwar left behind her daughter Krishna Devi in 1970 and died in 1970 .
the dispute is whether the suit property was a part of the last division .
the plot no.2171 is the name of Punai Yadav and is measuring 17 Disil .
no lady physician official at Baroda headquarters is available with his own medical practitioner .
the certificate regarding treatment and other evidence was made available to the presiding officer .
7- Now , I shall proceed to deal with the evidence of other eye-witnesses .
9- PW4 Mice Singh is resident of Fuleria Chowk , the place of occurrence .
hence , the same matter cannot be cross - examined in this second appeal .
in evidence they had never claimed to be a part of the suit property .
thereafter both the accused persons ran away taking both her sons and the goods .
they did not enquire about the place for appointing their sons with Nagno Singh .
the petitioners are on bail , therefore , they are discharged of their liability .
as regards the said incident , a criminal case was registered against the delinquent .
8- The learned counsel , Mrs. Nilalu Agarwal , has appeared for the appellants .
they have relied upon the supplementary affidavit filed in the present Letters Patent Appeal .
they have taken us through the records and possible defence at the criminal trial .
before his arrival , Amit Kumar had fainted , fallen down and started trembling .
11- PW-5 Shri Ram Mahto is another brother of the deceased and the informant-in-law .
thus , his evidence is of no avail in support of the prosecution case .
in other words , the department wants to be benefited by its own default .
4- The counsel for the State submits that notice be issued to respondent No.6 .
the whole business seems to be negative in the way the tribunals are working .
the concern of the court is with serious infirmity in the decision making process .
the matter has to be remanded to the Tribunal even after it is present .
he has stated that both the children had gone to school from the rickshaw .
after about one hour , his father had lodged a report to the police .
he also stated that Sagar told him that Bina Devi used to beat him .
thereafter , she was also advised to talk to her mother and her grandfather .
the drawer had instructed the corner to accompany a VIP bag containing 786 monogram .
thus , his son was alone with wealth as the directions of the kidnapper .
he identified the written notice Ex . ( 171 ) , handwriting and endorsement .
on 14.09.2002 , he handed over charge of the investigation to the officer incharge .
she has proved some of the paragraphs of the case diary as exhibit A-2 .
15- PW9 is a formal witness who identified the seizure list ( Exh.3 ) .
these articles were recovered in respect of Kotwali P.S. Case No. 636 / 2001 .
there was a bargaining for the ransom and for the liberation of the victim .
when the daughter did not return , she had lodged a case on 08.07.1992 .
her intention was never to cause any harm to the cattle of the complainant .
the same party was taken by other witnesses who were examined during the investigation .
the suit land is situated at a distance of 50 bighas from the school .
according to the learned counsel , Exh.2 was the report of the Pleader Commissioner .
however , the defence has not led any evidence in support of its case .
PW4 disclosed in para 10 that he saw the deceased caught only one bullet .
he also stated that he knew Bhola Mahto and Krishna Yadav before the incident .
they had gone to sugarcane field , where Sardar was kept in a prisoner .
he has identified Krishna , Mukti Narain , Chandeshwar and Dashrath in the court .
after 2 days , Krishna had left alone and had gone towards the market .
in his cross-examination , he has stated that he is not the Investigating Officer .
he had conveyed the information to the Superintendent of Police through his Mobile No.9934260271 .
he had also enquired about the matter with the family members of Ravindra Singh .
in cross-examination , he has stated that he did not know Jarnail Singh earlier .
he left for Ambala Cantt and reached Gorakhpur on 27 . 11 . 2011 .
accused Ravi had come to him and had snatched bag of PW13 and mobile .
23- PW-1 has stated that accused Upendra Chaudhary and Chandeshwar Sah are his co-villagers .
death penalty can be desirable where the victims are innocent children and helpless women .
his cross - examination reveals that Vataka was about 15 Kathas under polemical orders .
according to the learned counsel for the appellants , this was one such case .
both the parties claim that the land was measured several times by the Amin .
8 . PW-6 sanctioned Alam is the informant-in-aid and injured person of this case .
no dispute or fact was raised with regard to the status of the petitioner .
inquest report was prepared and postmortem of the dead body of the deceased was done .
all the witnesses have pertinently stated that it was only the work of Maheshwari Sah .
therefore , Paras Sah cannot be held guilty and should be granted benefit of doubt .
( ii ) 4 wounds on the surface of the palm of the right hand .
( V ) eleven wounds on the lower side of abdomen on the left side .
( VI ) thirty wounds on the lateral side of left side of upper thigh .
( I ) a wound on the lower third part in front of left thigh .
the appellant is acquitted as he was justified in applying the right of private defence .
9 . interlocutory Application No. 8407 of 2011 and 8408 of 2011 are disposed of .
12 . we conclude with cautionary advice of the State Government and the Inspector General .
he had himself hidden in a pit , but Naval Kishore Sharma had chased him .
8- With the aforesaid modification in the sentence , the petition presented is disposed of .
however , during this period first information report was instituted and charge sheet was submitted .
the details of the said property are fully mentioned in Schedule 1 of the application .
affidavit was filed keeping on record the news papers in which the issues were published .
when the Will was executed by the testator , he was physically and mentally ill .
before signing the will , he had read and understood the contents of the Will .
the son of the testator , Ajit Kumar Singh also signed as a attesting witness .
the boundary mentioned therein does not match with the postulate mentioned in the present suit .
the other case of defendant-respondent no.1 is that the property was that of Murad Ali .
no money was found in the car even though he was carrying lot of money .
no proper investigation has been carried out to ascertain the true and the real developments .
it was argued that the plaintiff had filed a separate suit for recovery of rent .
learned counsel thus submitted that the impugned judgment and order does not warrant any interference .
in this manner , the departments of the Government will act as efficient parties . 
the petitioner is also interested in drafting his appointment and obtaining roster NOCs for appointment .
the person appointing him shall be liable to pay the wages and not the State .
in the absence of any notice , the executing court cannot proceed according to them .
however , the FIR was seen by the Chief Judicial Magistrate , Saharsa on 13.11.1986 .
therefore , the order of law as prescribed under Section 361 Cr.P.C. has been violated .
therefore , the submission is that a running judgment is liable to be set aside .
however , on arrival of several persons , her father was taken for medical treatment .
however , keeping it in mind , the Magistrate had taken cognizance in the matter .
hence , during the course of revisional jurisdiction , it should not be interfered with .
the petitioner is in custody , therefore , he is directed to be released forthwith .
8- Mr. Divekar Prasad Singh , learned counsel has appeared for the respondent- writ petitioner .
whether the writ petitioner obtained the order dated 21.02.2008 or not is of no consequence .
the appellant was taken to the headquarters of the CBI where recovery memo was prepared .
thereafter , the hands and clothes were also placed in the solution which turned pink .
the new Act does not specify the date from which it shall come into force .
in the event of she being proved that she sustained injury during the said incident .
10- Mr. Sukumar Sinha , learned senior counsel has appeared on behalf of the appellant .
the information of which was also given by the petitioner to his controlling office bearer .
the accused officer's headquarters is at Barhiya's private house at Neeraj Kumar .
http : / / ecomp . 15 . 03 . 04 . Dandia . Sahay .
the observation of the evidences itself makes it clear that my illness was no excuse .
13- That the statements made in para No.15 are not correct and are hereby rejected .
PW3 Ram Kishun Sah @ Krishna has been tendered by the prosecution for being examined .
at that time , a boy inflicted a farsa blow on the forehead of Ravinder .
the parties also agreed that the deed was to be executed and registered within 1.11.1987 .
so far as this conclusion is concerned , it is a pure finding of fact .
now he cannot change his side and say that the evidence should not be seen .
at the same time , the unknown criminals were preventing them from entering the room .
the evidence of PW2 in Principal examination further makes the version of the witness suspect .
hence , the learned Single Judge had declined to extend time and rejected the application .
the appellants should be permitted to proceed further in the departmental proceedings against the delinquent .
9- Mr. Kishore Kumar Thakur , learned counsel has appeared on behalf of the delinquent .
2- perused the records of Sessions trial received in compliance of our order dated 17.09.2013 .
PW4 had informed him that Amit Kumar has been assaulted by the appellant Kapala Ram .
in the aforesaid evidence of PW4 , he has been declared hostile by the prosecution .
the appellant is directed to be released forthwith if not required in any other case .
once carrying out formalities , the pension of the petitioner is to be restored forthwith .
for the same reason , it was not duly dealt with at the bank level .
it has become one more forum for trial , rather than one forum for trial .
it is not known whether any such measures have been taken by the State Government .
advocate . respondent / State Govt . of India and State Govt . of Himachal Pradesh
after investigation , charge sheet was submitted against all the appellants and Om Prakash Yadav .
after some days , another telephone call was received whereby the ransom demand was made .
he stated that the incident took place at about 7 : 00 am on 23.4.2002 .
he had gone to the place of occurrence and taken the statement of the witnesses .
he also took the statement of victim Sagar Kumar on 1.6.2002 and restatement on 8.8.2002 .
8- Having heard the arguments of both the parties , I have witnessed the record .
Cri.App. ( 28J ) No. 120 of 1996 . decided on 5th November , 2012 .
therefore , the order cancelling the settlement is illegal and not binding on the plaintiff .
according to the learned counsel , Ex.-C is the basis of the plaintiff's case .
after due enquiry the land was settled by the SDO in favour of the plaintiff .
on these grounds , learned counsel submitted that the impugned judgment and decree is vitiated .
the concept of settlement is for settlement of land in favour of the landless peasants .
so far as landless is concerned , it has not been defined in the circular .
the left ( PLUL ) cavity contained almost 1 pins of blood and blood clot .
on the basis of the written notice given by him , an FIR was registered .
he had given mobile no through which messages were sent and received on the mobile .
in his cross-examination , he has stated that he has no identification with Krishna Yadav .
on 8.12.2011 , he was first stubbed at the Police Station and met his brother .
Krishna had asked his brother to meet in the field as much time was available .
she also stated that she also identified the accused persons at the Test Identification Parade .
thereafter , the police came to his house and on 11.11.2011 he accompanied the police .
due to confusion in Muharram , the FIR could not be sent in due time .
after a journey of one and a half hour , the forest area had started .
40- It appears that the prosecution witnesses were quite natural and their evidence inspires confidence .
5- The 7 witnesses in this case have been examined on behalf of the prosecution .
11- PW-2 Ramji Thakur has been named in the first information report as a witness .
after investigation , the charge sheet was submitted against the driver of the malleable bus .
he also admits that the respective shares of the parties were measured by the Amin .
the injury report will show that admittedly Alam was examined in this case on 24.06.1991 .
thus , there is a kind of case having been seen by the four petitioners .
the petitioners had become almost redundant in the Corporation and were to be made elsewhere .
again , as it happens in the State , the matter did not proceed further .
it was a state which had to be awakened from deep insomnia time and again .
in other words , it was the duty of the State to act as such .
3- In this case , the counter affidavit and the supplementary counter affidavits have been filed .
5- The defence of the accused persons was that of false implication on account of enmity .
the post mortem report ( Ext.2 ) indicates that the death took place within 20 hours .
the doctor has been cross examined regarding the manner of incident or the time of death .
Suresh Sah and Paras Sah caught hold of Maheshwari Sah and dragged her towards the bridge .
this party has been prepared having regard to filling up the lacuna in the prosecution case .
they can easily identify their family members and close neighbours even in the night without lighting .
the case of both stands different on the basis of the evidence produced by the prosecution .
it is not the claim of the petitioners that they were in this profession since 1981 .
10- We are informed in the Court that the last such test was conducted in 2001 .
behind the alleged incident , land dispute reasons have been stated as disclosed by the informant .
it is an admitted position that PW-5 and the appellants were co-sharers in the aforesaid land .
4- The Will attached to the application has been proved and marked as Ex . 1 .
there was no pressure or coercion on the testator to execute a Will in his favour .
8- On a perusal of Ext.1 , it appears that the Will was prepared on 8.8.2006 .
a sentence provided for different offences may be punishable with death penalty or imprisonment for life .
4 . consequently , the writ application has to fail and the same is accordingly dismissed .
the transferee did not acquire any right , title and interest nor was he in possession .
if it is inadmissible , then there is no document of the title of the plaintiff .
in a municipal survey Khatiyan , the entry cannot be called as conclusive proof of title .
E . to grant relief ( reliefs ) to which the petitioner is found entitled to .
the plaintiff and his brother Ravinder Singh claiming to be the grandson of Ram Charan Singh .
he also claims to pay rent and electrical connection to the State in his own name .
now it is stated that there were not only twelve sanctioned posts but sixteen accepted posts .
paras 2 to 9 of his cross examination seem to be of kinship with each other .
hence , the said order cannot be a ground for cancellation of licence renewed on 06.09.2011 .
no doubt , this is a matter which has to be examined by the State Government .
Cri.App. ( 28J ) no . 246 of 2001 . decided on 8th October , 2013 .
he has submitted that the reply letter submitted by the petitioner has not been properly valued .
prima facie , we do not find the replies furnished by the petitioner to be evaluated .
thus , the factum of partition effected in the past has been admitted by subsequent parties .
my children and children are unable to stay with me for the purpose of getting education .
it went to Monghyr on 13 . 5 . 2003 to show it to a doctor .
PW-1 Ram Prasad is a formal witness , meandhe has proved formal FIR ( Ext.1 ) .
advocate , M / s Pro Head Morgan , employee and Anr . , Financial nor report
later on , there was another Panchayat in respect of property in which lands were partitioned .
however , for more than four years , the delinquent has been successfully avoiding criminal prosecution .
15- Subject to the above direction , the appeal and the interlocutory application are disposed of .
with these two basic formalities attending to pension , the option to pension was very high .
thus , the petitioner takes the stand that he had completed the formalities on his behalf .
no separate sentence has been passed under Section 364 - A / 120 B IPC .
5- The prosecution , in order to prove its charge , has examined the following witnesses .
when she replied yes , she had taken the money and also took the surplus case .
at the time of giving money , Bina Devi and Mamta Devi were also sitting there .
he identified Vijay Yadav as the person who had abducted his brother Sagar from the rickshaw .
11- PW5 is the victim of the incident and he is able to understand the matter .
thereafter , he took her to a temple where a girl and two persons were sitting .
later on , her father had come to Haldani and returned with his father to Kahalgaon .
PW5 ( victim ) and his younger sister PW4 Riya Kumari are witnesses to the occurrence .
the Superintendent of Police , Bhagalpur has informed that the aforesaid case is still under investigation .
Maniniyya Seema Ali Khan , J. Hon'ble Ganga Bilshun Shah Vs . State of Bihar
4- The name of counsel PW-1 , Rai , is recorded in the first information report .
PW-6 states that after he went with the appellant , they were residing at several places .
it was alleged that once abuses and assault were made by the petitioner with the complainant .
after receipt of final report , the learned Magistrate had heard learned counsel for the complainant .
other allegations regarding construction of the house and placement of nada kuta and trees were denied .
( III ) any other point which may be raised at the time of final hearing .
since both the Courts below had misconstrued and misinterpreted the Ex.-C Government Circular and erroneously understood .
15 . as far as the notice is concerned , the same may be mentioned here .
in my opinion , the above mentioned injury resulted into death due to shock and haemorrhage .
10 . the doctor found two ounces half digested food in the stomach of the deceased .
he claimed to have seen the accused persons in the same place for the first time .
at his instance , he took him by boat to the other side of the river .
in his cross-examination , he has stated that he is not a sensor of the ghat .
5- On 12.12.2011 , PWs 5 , 6 and 7 had come to Gurdwara at Patna .
he had gone to a house through Krishna Yadav and others and stayed there at night .
after having breakfast the next day , Krishna had talked to GM which gave him 4 p.m.
he also stated that Ravi Mahto had also taken him to the bank of the river .
after a journey of about one and a half hour , PW-13 inquired about the plant .
she also stated that during the abduction , Liberation and Dashrath were also living with her .
he also stated that he had gone to the local police station and about the occurrence .
he also stated that he had also not seen the accused persons prior to the incident .
Chameshwar Sah was arrested at 11.00 p.m. from his house and he received information on 07.12.2011 .
he further stated that no one had gone to the police station to search the accused .
PW-4 Kamal Kishore Chaudhary was neither the office bearer nor the Investigating Officer in this case .
the present case needs to be examined in the light of the constitutional propositions established above .
I did not see whether he was writing or not and I got my signature later .
from the aforesaid evidence , it appears that this witness had made statement before the police .
the effect of the evidence in this regard has to be considered by the Tribunal concerned .
he admits that he had come to the place of occurrence when he heard the cry .
she also admits that she had not received any bleeding injury at the time of occurrence .
20- Where a taxpayer had made an application to the Income-tax Officer for correcting a defect .
this Court had held to the Supreme Court that the petitioner will not be sent back .
the petitioners shall continue to function as Motor Vehicles Inspectors till the new appointments are made .
some of the payments made earlier were also mentioned by the High Court in its order .
after the expiry of his tenure , the post of Head also came to an end .
8- The prosecution , in order to prove its charge , has examined the following witnesses .
the dough was pushed into the joint condition and was part of the dross as well .
he also stated that he did not notice that Dinesh Choudhary was hurt in the head .
he has proved the endorsement on the fardbeyan which has been marked as Ext . 4 .
he has again taken the statement of the informator and has visited the place of occurrence .
he has stated that the Khagaria is at a distance of 5-6 kms from his village .
he denied that both the injured were their relations and the reports were collusive and uninappropriate .
it also appears that the incident has taken place near the house of both the parties .
when she had not returned in the evening , the family had started looking for her .
the courts below have recorded a categorical finding that the plaintiffs have possession of the property .
initially , a sandha was instituted which was later accepted as the fardbeyan of the informants .
the argument on behalf of the appellants is that the place of occurrence has been changed .
he had gone to the place of occurrence on hearing noise and had seen the incident .
9- PW5 Shiv Shankar Bhagat is the informant and one of the injured in this case .
therefore , the District Cooperative Office found it defective that the Committee of Management was in minority .
he then refers to Sub - law 26 framed for Primary Agricultural Cooperative Society ( PACS ) .
secondly , the present case was not a case of election of fresh members of the Committee .
5- In the defence , as many as eight witnesses have been produced but no documentary evidence .
PW-3 is not only one of the attesting witnesses but he is the son of the deceased .
the informator at that time was right in front of his house along with PW-3 Harendra Sah .
after the death , the fardbeyan was given , as a result of which case was registered .
Maheshwari Sah was killed by a stranger and the accused persons were dragged on account of enmity .
one side is that he was caught by Maheshwari and Maheshwari was stabbed in the same currency .
therefore , the necessary directions and instructions can be framed and issued within two months from today .
cognizance of the offence was taken and the matter was normally sent to the Court of Session .
this means that on the date of the incident , he must have been of 54 years .
Ram Bahadur Singh ( AW1 ) also signed both pages of the Will as a attesting witness .
6- In the result , the writ petition has to fail and the same is accordingly dismissed .
( b ) that he becomes the whole or part of the resources of a terrorist organisation .
AIR 1980 SC 326 : ( 1980 ) 1 SCC 554 : 1980 ( Cri . ) .
taking fairness with the learned G.P. 3 , he states that in fact it was 13 office .
thus , the order of the Divisional Commissioner disfiguring the Panel had lost its importance and validity .
three additional posts have been sought to be entered into which persons appointed on contract are working .
as a result of the said suit , compromise / compromise had taken place between the parties .
however , he did not contest the claim made on behalf of the father of the petitioners .
the private respondents No. 4 to 8 claim to be the purchaser from the original land holders .
when he tried to intervene , he was assaulted by Surya Narayan Jha along with his father .
the office is directed to return the records of the lower court forthwith to the concerned Court .
PW4 is the Investigating Officer of the earlier share who was also a member of the raid .
7- Mr. Anjani Kumar , learned Additional Advocate General , has appeared for the State of Bihar .
the writ petitioner , who is a businessman , needs to keep weapons for his personal safety .
a licence can be renewed during the period during which the licence is in existence or operation .
Hon'ble Hemant Kumar Srivastava , J. Hon'ble Sarananda Rai @ Sarbananda Roy Versus State of Bihar
this witness had proved the appellant's handwriting on the petition for transfer of PW4 as Ex.3 .
the slurry and the article and the Painted notes were also seized and the seizure was prepared .
such a finding could have been recorded only in an appeal properly constituted by the State Government .
heard learned counsel for the parties with regard to the following relief urged in this writ application :
( ii ) Abrasion 3 " x 1 " on the next side of the right shoulder .
when the bus reached near Godara village , there was a procession of Muharram on the road .
2- The plaintiffs-respondents had filed the aforesaid suit for decree for specific execution of contract dated 01.12.1986 .
9- Now , we deal with the judgment relied upon by the learned counsel for the appellant .
11- Once the false principle in all is found to be inapplicable by a number of decisions .
the trial court also does not appear to be very inclined to proceed with the criminal prosecution .
Amit Kumar was being taken to Motipur Hospital for treatment , but he died on the way .
13- PW-7 Ashok Moto is the second investigating officer of the case who had submitted the charge-sheet .
3- Learned counsel for the petitioner submits that he was an applicant in the category of disability .
respondent No.6 did not participate in the counselling and was not entitled to be considered for appointment .
access to justice is neither swift and cheap nor does it diminish the burden of the court .
it has already been examined that it will not serve any purpose , if it is done .
once the order was passed by the Tribunal , perhaps there was no option with the head .
Mandhata Singh , J. Heard learned counsel for the petitioner and learned counsel for the Views .
needless to say , the appellant did not have a licence to open any such manufacturing unit .
after the trial , the appellants have been convicted and accused Om Prakash Yadav has been acquitted .
this witness has been examined in detail , but the defence has failed to rebut his evidence .
the veena Devi , the goddess of worship and the Mamta Devi had become lighter with her .
he was at his house and he learnt that his grandson was missing from the Sagar Rickshaw .
after defraying the ransom , his son had returned from Farakka train on 25.5.2002 with his grandson .
thus , there is inconsistency in the evidence of the prosecution witnesses on this point as well .
he is demanding an amount of Rs . 25 lacs through mobile phone no.9878433782 of his house .
PW1 and others had crossed the river and had taken further at the instance of Krishna Yadav .
Krishna Yadav could , however , be traced and saw Sardar and Bhola in the sugarcane field .
he charges the fare and drove the person to the river that he wanted to go there .
he also identified the attested copy of the Station Diary entry No.121 ( Ext . Ka-2 ) .
PW-7 Rajendra Singh was talking to PW-4 Kamal Kishore Singh in the Police Station Batia through mobile .
in his cross-examination , he has stated that even prior to 08.12.2011 , he came to Betia .
Krishna Yadav had asked him to reach the station chowk at Bettiah and he had gone there .
after sometime , Krishna Yadav had come over with one person and introduced him as his brother .
thereafter , Upendra had put a pistol on his kanpati and he was taken to the jungle .
having liberated himself , he went to Bagha Station and climbed the train in the middle night .
he has narrated about the number of calls to be outside Ravindra Singh's Mobile No. 9878633782 .
48 . ( 2010 ) 1 SCC 573 : ( 2010 ) 1 SCC ( Cri . )
2- The first information report was instituted on the basis of fardbeyan of PW-5 Arun Kumar Thakur .
PW-3 is the brother of the informant-in-law and he claims to be an eyewitness to the incident .
9- PW-1 Ramadhar Thakur , in his examination-in-chief , has supported the allegations levelled against the appellants .
hence , I find that the aforesaid case would not apply to the facts of this case .
he claims that he had not seen any injury sustained by anybody except a far away status .
thus , this Court finds that the evidence of PW1 is not reliable for the aforesaid reasons .
he admits that when he reached the place of occurrence , accused persons were not present there .
according to this witness , he found the waist of hundreds of live hans covered with blood .
thereafter , all the aforesaid accused persons had quarrelled with the informant-in-law as well as her brothers .
thereafter , all the accused armed with different weapons had gone to the west running the bullets .
the prosecution wanted that Dinesh Choudhary should construction his wall while leaving the path for the prosecution .
all the other vises were medium within the heart , lungs , liver , kidney and spleen .
he had taken the dead body of ( DW-1 ) and other Manoj Chaudhary to the hospital .
he also stated that the prosecution was chasing his father when he was running towards Soving Road .
on the statement of his father , Khagaria , Police Station Case No.173 of 2002 was instituted .
in his cross-examination , he has admitted that he is one of the accused in this case .
she has denied the suggestion that Manoj Chaudhary had died on account of bullet fired by Pankaj .
( IV ) Inflammation and redness of about 2 " x1 / 1 " on the back .
the main ground given by the learned trial court is that the gun shot was not repeated .
if a man dies by firing a shot , then there is no question of firing again .
the main ground given by the trial court is that the shot of pistol was not repeated .
when a person is killed by the same shot , there is no question of shooting again .
21- Thus , I do not find any fault with the impugned order allowing the amendment petition .
joint of right wrist - radious with lower part of radius and ulna ( right wrist ) .
he has been questioned as to the entire period during which she was away from the house .
the material question of law , therefore , deserves to be answered in favour of the appellant .
as far as title is concerned , the authorities have no jurisdiction to judge or refer it .
therefore , the material question framed of law does not arise for trial in this second appeal .
this witness had allegedly come to his shop which is very close to the place of occurrence .
even then , it is apparent that the claimants have not made any representation on the point .
6- The prosecution , in order to prove its case , examined as many as 13 witnesses .
Tana Devi , her daughter , had accompanied appellants Hbari Devi alias Kanti Devi and Indu Devi .
she had obtained permission from her mother and thereafter had gone with her to see the movie .
no demand was made and due to the negligence of the deceased she had received accidental burn injuries .
on a request made by learned counsel for the petitioner , the matter was adjourned for four weeks .
8- The inquest report and the post mortem report were brought on record vide Exh.5 and Ext.2 respectively .
Mahasweta Sah ( since deceased ) , brother of the informant , was having meals at a chowki .
Maheshwari Sah was taken to the hospital as he was injured but died on account of his injuries .
as a matter of fact , there was no light and identification of the accused was not possible .
16- We have analysed the entire evidence of the witnesses which has always been on the same side .
the villagers are used to work in the night and their eyes are able to work with light .
PW-5 also found the prosecution case mentioned in Sashwan Police Station Case No. 37 / 02 as true .
of these five witnesses , three , namely , PWs 1 , 2 and 3 are eye witnesses .
9- From the prosecution evidence it appears that PWs 1 , 2 and 3 are the eye witnesses .
4- The challenge raised before the learned single Judge to the decision of the lower authority has failed .
she also picked up the chappals of the appellants and accused Nwal Kishore Sharma ( since deceased ) .
a 'closure' was called in that area to protest against such act of the political person .
it was allowed on 6.7.2012 and the date of execution of the will was assumed to be 8.8.2006 .
this witness has also stated that wife of the testatrix also signed the Will as a attesting witness .
as a member of the Legislative Council , he was allotted a plot in Kautilya Nagar of Patna .
( a ) it is intended to be used in relation to the purposes of any terrorism ; or
the revision case No.82 of 1987-88 was dismissed by order contained in Annexure 11 filed by the petitioners .
3- The defendant first party had filed a countervailing written statement denying the entire case of the plaintiff .
the subsequent document whether Ex.5 or Ex.7 / A is with respect to municipal survey plot number 3448 .
it is not denied that Ex.7 and Ex.7 / A are not in respect of the suit property .
the informant , who had reached the spot of accident , found his son dead under esoteric circumstances .
hence , the appeal has come up for the appellant , Mr. Ujjwal Kumar Sinha , learned counsel .
the suit property is a house standing in plot no.209 of the property bearing area of two Kathas .
now the matter will proceed only to the female appellant , namely , Tara Devi , survived alone .
investigation was kept pending against the appellants No. 2 and other nominated accused persons , Ballia and Kurban .
further , neither the doctor nor the Investigating Officer has been examined and has also caused serious prejudice .
the above named sole appellant is discharged of the liability of the bail bond submitted on his behalf .
several other reasons are being provided to merely covers the failure of the State to appoint the petitioner .
hence , the case is based on the evidence of only one witness / victim Madan Mohan Jha .
after reaching there , she saw a quarrel between the women members and the children she had stopped .
Pratap Narayan Jha , Nandabhusan Jha , Arvind Jha , along with others , were nominated as witnesses .
12- On the other hand , learned counsel for the State supported the order of the courts below .
20- The revision petition , thus , is found to be devoid of merits and is accordingly dismissed .
if it resulted in financial injury to them or would not be a ingredients of a criminal offence .
thereafter it was made over to the investigating authority but it has not been found to be supported .
on receipt of reply , District Magistrate , Saharsa had cancelled the licence on 21st February , 2008 .
he has submitted that the order dated 21.02.2008 referred to above was never communicated to the writ petitioner .
his claim could not be allowed on the ground that the said order was not received by him .
5- We shall also mention that we have checked the copies of the answer sheets placed on record .
in such a situation , I could find it dangerous to stay at Barhiya in a victim state .
in fact , the petitioner has force over the merits of the charge in the entire writ petition .
this will also be apparent from the excerpt of his explanation which has also been underlined for clarity .
he also stated that he was sent to the hospital from the police station where he was treated .
the appellant is on bail , therefore , he is discharged from the liabilities of his bail bonds .
on appeal , the lower Appellate Court confirmed the finding of the Trial Court and dismissed the appeal .
Suo Singh , Batuku Singh , Deo Narain Singh , Naresh Singh , Dasharatha Singh were the Panch .
10 . it appears to us that the delinquent has made every effort to delay the criminal prosecution .
he was subjected to cross-examination by the prosecution but nothing material could be elicited from him in cross-examination .
the version described in the fardbayan is not supported by any of the prosecution witnesses in the Court .
both these writ petitions are admitted for final disposal at this stage with the consent of the parties .
2- Heard learned counsel for the petitioners and learned counsels for the Punjab National Bank ( Bank ) .
the result is that the whole object is going to be futile for which the tribunal was constituted .
the court at this stage has no meaning as to whether the petitioner has any defence or not .
whether respondent No.6 participated in the mansing or not is also not of much importance at this stage .
8- While issuing notice to respondent No.6 at this stage , it would not serve any useful purpose .
10- To set aside the impugned order , it would be necessary to send notice to respondent No.6 .
14- The Court directs the Principal Secretary to Department of Education to forward a copy of this order .
after about 12 - 13 days telephone calls were made asking for ransom for release of the ocean .
he has been cross-examined in detail , but the defence has not been able to belittle his evidence .
12- A copy of this order be sent to Chief Judicial Magistrate , Bhagalpur , for necessary action .
it is submitted that in fact witnesses have not been able to make out a case of kidnapping .
Vs . State of Bihar and another Cri.M.C.No. 112018 of 2010 . decided on 10th October , 2012 .
after repeated requests , the petitioner had not treated a sick cow at the later stage of surgery .
it is a question of fact and , therefore , cannot be allowed at the second appellate stage .
Exh.4 is a formal FIR , Exh.5 is the inquest report and Ext . 6 is case diary .
it was disclosed in para 14 that accused persons had fired shots from a distance of 15-16 yards .
after the trial , the appellants have been convicted and sentenced as aforesaid by the learned trial court .
he had given the written report , to the officer-in-charge of the police station , to the effect .
on the same day , he had gone to Ravindra Singh's house at Mandi Govinda Garh .
10- On 12.12.2011 , his statement was taken before the Magistrate , which has been noted as Exhibit-3 .
thereafter , PW-8 Krishna Yadav and his two companions had left and reached the bank of the river .
Krishna and his companions used to hounce on him at intervals of 3 to 4 hours every day .
his statement was also recorded by the Magistrate which has been exhibited as Exh . 3 / 3 .
in his cross-examination , he has stated that Krishna Yadav had asked him to install a rolling machine .
he also stated that the accused were talking amongst themselves and were telling their names Bhola and Upendra .
it also appears that the appellants are members of a gang engaged in kidnap people to get ransom .
however , considering the nature of the crime , a liberal punishment cannot be awarded to the appellants .
6- PW-3 Mohd . Shamim Akhtar had stated that he is not an eye witness of the incident .
therefore , there appears to be an discrepancy in the manner in which PW-6 has described the occurrence .
this was done because the right of the petitioners to be absorbed was sufficiently taken up long ago .
the State authority was sleeping on the matter , whereby the petitioners were constrained to approach this court .
24 . it is not necessary to say that their regularization will be understood from the same date .
subsequently , payments have been made in her favour on about 4 different occasions from 25-2009 to 8.2.2012 .
despite such findings , the petitioner being the head of the Gram Panchayat had taken steps for payment .
finally , SDO has been substituted for the name of Chapra as will appear from Appendix - 27 .
he has stated that it is not a fact that the occurrence had taken place as an accident .
( I ) Externally blood and clots on the scalp , and in the area of the neck .
it was properly named and sealed in a Wall and handed over to the police for necessary action .
based on the fardbeyan of accused Dinesh Choudhary , Khagaria Police Station Case No.173 of 2002 was instituted .
( III ) inflammation , tenderness and abrasion about 1 % x1 / 1 over right shoulder joint .
injuries No. 1 , III and IV are injuries of ordinary nature caused by hard and blunt object .
the agreement must at least presume the existence of the person on whose behalf it is being admitted .
PW2 denies that he had written the love letters and that he has those letters which he wrote .
the fact that he did not do so suggests that he was a part of the entire incident .
he has specifically stated that there were two suitcases of different sizes in the room of the hotel .
5- PW-1 Ram Mohan Jha is nominated as a witness of the occurrence in the first information report .
the statement given in the cross examination indicates that he is not an eye witness to the incident .
all such factors indicate that no case is made out under Section 307 of the Indian Penal Code .
none of the issues of permanence or any fraud committed by the claimant has been raised by the railways .
in para 13 , he states that the deceased was residing there for the last five to six years .
therefore , the prosecution has succeeded in proving that Maheshwari Sah died within twenty hours of the post-mortem examination .
the entire incident was seen in the light of the electric bulb which was burning at the relevant time .
informant's husband had reached near the farm of Nand Kishore Singh at about 6 : 30 am .
16- The case of the prosecution is that PW-5 had gone with his companions to ploughing the aforesaid land .
Gauri Shankar Lal had typed Will which was read by the testator , whereafter , he signed the will .
the witness identified his signatures on the Will ( marked as Exts . 6 and 6 / 1 ) .
it has also been stated that when the Will was executed , the testator was physically and mentally fit .
she has stated that when the Will was executed by her father , she was physically and mentally well .
the will dated 8.8.2006 ( 1 ) is also a pure will and the last will of the testator .
the Geo - tax Survey Khatiyan ( Ext . D ) is also not related to the suit property .
( the disputed portion undernoted by me has already been deleted by the earlier preliminary order dated 18.02.2010 ) .
but not as a casual case , merely because a party has levelled some allegations against the local police .
the owner of the aforesaid land had sold the land to the appellant under a sale deed dated 28.02.2002 .
according to the appellant , the land belonged to a common ancestor and the appellant was also a co-sharer .
it is argued that defendant's own house in Plot No. 897 and 901 was broken up in 1998 .
he submits that a conclusion to this effect can be seen in paras 29 to 33 of the judgment .
13- I have heard learned counsels for the parties and I have gone through the materials available on record .
according to the learned counsel , the issue of title should not have been looked into by the Court .
the evidence led by the defendant is as follows : - A and A / 1 are the diary .
decided on 31st July , 2013 and other CW . J . C . no . 10506 of 2008 .
4- There are several facts which both the parties have furnished which in fact makes the cases totally misconceived .
to fill these posts , the selection process was completed and finally a panel of 19 persons was made .
8- Thus , the argument that the petitioner did not come to this Court is devoid of any meaning .
further G.P. 3 also submits that there are several orders of this Court and several persons have been appointed .
during this time , execution case was further advanced and order was passed for delivery of possession on 28.10.2010 .
according to him , the impugned appellate order dated 20.05.2003 ( Annexure 1 ) is not supportive in law .
PW-6 and PW-8 are the formal witnesses who have exhibited relevant documents in the absence of the Investigating Officer .
it is also not disputed that the appellant has gone into custody and remained in custody for fifteen days .
in para 24 , he had stated that no police station was recorded on the case number varcheological exhibit .
whether it was tied or sealed and it was received from where it has not been detailed by him .
being satisfied with the said answer , the District Magistrate , Saharsa had renewed the aforesaid licence on 06.09.2011 .
he has filed supplementary counter affidavit to produce certain documents which were not produced before the learned Single Judge .
9- Learned counsel for the CBI to the above stated points , AIR 2011 SC ( Cri . ) .
this witness also stated that he had come to Patna and had given a petition in the CBI Office .
the appellant had enquired about the money and thereafter directed him to come to his brother-in-law's house .
3- In this case , a detailed counter affidavit has been filed on behalf of the respondents / Bibi .
he submits that in the regulation there is no such provision for appointment on compassionate ground in the Bibia .
no doubt , a departmental proceeding was also initiated against the petitioner in respect of the following charges :
in this connection , I must say that on the date under appreciated , I was indeed seriously ill .
later on , he had found that the name of that boy was Mohd . Alam ( appellant ) .
PW-5 has stated that he found the name of the boy who had given farsa blow on the informant-in-law .
in pursuance of the said incident , the delinquent was suspended under the Notification dated 29th December , 2006 .
the impugned order dated 17.11.2009 passed by the learned Single Judge in CWJC No.2301 of 2009 is set aside .
it is also clear from the evidence of PW2 that he is not an eye witness to the incident .
accordingly , he was required to file an option instrument within the time stipulated and in the manner stipulated .
basically , the dispute in these two writ petitions is whether the petitioners had followed their share of responsibility .
10 . thus , so far as the first writ petition is concerned , it has to be allowed .
he was appointed in pursuance of the counselling and following the procedures of law and he contributed on 17.08.2010 .
17- The matter may be kept for that limited object under the head " order " after two months .
5- In these facts and circumstances , this Court is not inclined to interfere with the judgment of conviction .
her husband and father - in - law had gone to find the sea , but she could not .
he has also been cross-examined at length , but the defence has not been able to rebut his evidence .
thus , there is no necessity for this Court to interfere with the conviction and sentence of the appellant .
on the other hand , this Court finds that PW2 has been produced by the prosecution subsequently by consider .
according to PW2 , he had seen the appellant as well as the victim lady at the same time .
5- Learned counsel for the appellant has argued that because of enmity and greed entire case has been instituted .
in other words , after considering the evidence on record , the Appellate Court also recorded the same finding .
PW-2 had disclosed in para 7 that he had seen Amir Chand firing from a distance of 10-12 yards .
17- The witness is also not relevant with regard to presence of injury on the person of the deceased .
according to PW2 in para 6 , he had seen the incident continuing for about 10 to 15 minutes .
one evening has been instituted and a notice has also been given to the Superintendent of Police , Bettiah .
in his cross-examination , he has stated that he is the owner of PW1 , who has three sailors .
thereafter , Krishna Yadav had sealed the mouth of PW-8 and had asked his colleague to fasten the same .
this witness has narrated about the place on the basis of which the arrest of the accused-appellants was made .
39- Finally , it is argued by the learned counsel for the appellants that there is an extreme penalty .
the evidence of PW4 , with the case as mentioned in the first information report , is very relevant .
the matter has been tried as a result of which the aforesaid persons have been convicted in this case .
according to him , he had seen that injury was sustained on the eye of far - off Rahman .
in the first information report , he has stated that he sustained a sharp edged injury on the eye .
they had the option to retrenchment or to be absorbed in any other corporation / department of the State .
a decade prior to the 2003 Rules , the right of the petitioners to absorption had assumed concrete form .
the concerned complaint of the District Magistrate is Annexure - 10 to the writ application and is dated 04.01.2011 .
he submits that before any order passed in the writ of Poonam Kumari , her dues had been paid .
10- PW-1 has stated that on the date and time of the incident , he was at his door .
he did not know whether they were arrested in an injured condition from the Nursing Home of the Begusai .
brain was badly lacerated , especially the left paraffodental , left oxygenated , right occipital , and right paracetomal .
the Doctor has also stated that in the natural course the injuries mentioned above are sufficient to cause death .
the sealed bullet handed over to the police was not present before him at the time of his deposition .
inquest report was prepared by Sub-Inspector P.Kuzur , of which Ram Naresh Choudhary and Mode Kumar Choudhary were witnesses .
during the course of investigation , he received the injury report in respect of injury to PW3 Ram Kumar .
he had arrested accused Shikanta Chaudhury and Dinesh Choudhary from the Nursing Home of Begusinai in an injured condition .
it is not true that she has encroached upon the land of Manoj Choudhary and when construction work was intermeded-
Ram Babu Chaudhary was armed with farsa and Ramesh Choudhary was armed with axe and started assaulting his father .
( III ) inflammation and redness of about 2 " x1 / 5 " over back of the waist .
the joint of the right hemi - opposus of the upper end of the radius and ulna is attached .
in respect of those circumstances question was put to Rashid from whom he was believed to have been kidnapped .
one was taken by Sanjay's father while the other suitcase was taken by the brother of Rashid .
according to the learned counsel , all these questions are liable to be answered in favour of the appellant .
in view of the aforesaid statement , he cannot be treated as an eye-witness to the kind of assault .
7- PW3 Ram Thal Dass is the uncle of the informant- and one of the injured in this case .
in my opinion , this appears to be a malevolent proceeding , which is not worthy of further progress .
after death , post mortem examination of the dead body of the deceased was conducted in JLNH , Bhagalpur .
the appellants in Criminal Appeal ( J ) No.247 of 1995 are Munshi Prem Chand Singh and Gopal Singh .
she states that when she was off the train she had not found a passenger at Chhapra railway station .
she also admits that she was taken from Chhapra railway station at a distance of about half a kilometer .
he denied the defence that he was recovered by the police in a hotel situated on the National Highway .
he states that he later received medical report and submitted charge sheet in the matter on completion of investigation .
13 . it has also been submitted that the version narrated by the prosecution is in no way believable .
admittedly , at the relevant time , one Vasudeva Yadav was the landlord / ryot of the lands in dispute .
according to the learned counsel , when the application of the plaintiff was received , a report was called for .
according to this witness , after the incident had taken place , this person had reached the place of occurrence .
it cannot take a party against the maintainability of this Court at the time of disposal of the contempt application .
2- The petitioner was at that time a revenue employee posted in the Bhawanpur Zone in the District of Kaimur .
having taken a responsibility on himself , it was the responsibility of the petitioner to establish his defence only later .
(VII ) Whether the plaintiff is entitled to a decree for eviction of the defendant from the suit premises ?
on the death of her husband , according to the principle of survivorship , the property devolved on the defendant .
they will be the controlling office bearers of all the Assistant Prosecution functionaries of the district and Sub - Divisional .
there is , therefore , a difference between private sale by the decided debtor and the sale by the court .
there was a suspicion in the bus to have some prohibited material from concealing the two passengers in their bodies .
the said incident was witnessed by him as well as by the aforesaid persons and the neighbours of the Chowkidar .
in such a case , the University shall have effect from the date of the recommendation of the Selection Committee .
which will be responsible for administration of the Bihar State Road Transport Corporation , as appointed by the State Government .
Ext . 11 and 11 / 1 are the driving license of the deceased and the driver of the bus .
it shall consist of the following members : - ( i ) the Principal of the College , ex officio ;
the evidence at this stage as well as the cross examination are both relevant to the case of the prosecution .
Sivanagam , the inattendant of the informator , had set out to tie the buffalo in the gov - house .
according to the defendant , the partition between them took place at any time during the year 1955 long ago .
I have also seen the plea as well as the findings of the lower Appellate Court and the Trial Court .
the possession of co - heir is considered to be the possession of all the co - heirs in law .
in fact , the aforesaid heirs and legal representatives of the deceased appellant are applicants in the aforesaid interlocutory application .
at the time of instigation for the assault , the accused persons were 15 to 20 yards away from him .
( vi ) Separative selection will be carried out on the basis of the marks obtained in the capillary examination .
the case of the plaintiff , in brief , is that Masat Ahmadi was the owner of the suit property .
the need for any interference on this decision of the employer does not seem to be felt by the Committee .
during this time , the appellants came to the positions of Ashok Doms , Loon Doms , and Ganesh Doms .
the counsel , the wife and daughter of the Dom , did not come to the rescue of his mother .
both the matters referred to above relate to the same property and are pending in the High Court of Patna .
the incident place is the southern door of the office of the informator , which opens up to the road .
on the contrary , it would be their responsibility to see that such a rule should be strictly complied with .
the wife of the late Harraan receipt , the petitioner Bibi Hussain , is the daughter-in-law of the opposite party no.2.
it is also a case of the defendant that the need of the plaintiff is not reasonable and bona fide .
thus , the appellants are entitled to be acquitted of the charges as aforesaid and from the conviction as aforesaid .
the reasons recorded by the High Court are sound and cogent and have been influenced by the High Court . 
this is the case of the counsel for the State on the basis of the statement in the counter affidavit .
a detailed examination of the photographs was conducted on behalf of the defendants , including the examination of the photographs .
the investigation office bearer found the allegation against a nominated person and a non - nominated person to be correct .
Section 52 of the Act , however , does not appear to have been brought to the notice of Judges .
there was a two storied building enclosed by a four - storeyed building in the precincts of the Ntredam Academy .
in the present case the plaintiffs and defendant No. 1 are also the deputationists of the husband of Raj Kali .
the defendants-appellants , on the other hand , claimed that the same are the self acquired properties of the appellants .
the first and last pages of the judgment may be made over to the learned amicus curiae for necessary action .
which would mean government and state - of - the - art schools offering education up to 5th standard .
of these 12 , 862 titles would be of Urdu language and the remaining 21678 would be of general nature .
the accused should be given such an option as to whether he wants to conduct such an examination or not .
in the facts of the present case , the application filed by the Investigating Officer was highly objectionable and revealing .
a penalty equal to the outstanding taxes is to be imposed after 60 days of the date to be charged .
Hon'ble HANwant Gupta and NAVY Prasad Singh , JJ . Union of India and Ors . Versus Development Kumar
it is not the case of the defendant in the rejoinder that the properties is not the joint family property .
Hon'ble Ramesh Kumar Dutta and Sudhir Singh , JJ . Sanjay Mishra Vs . State of Bihar and Ors .
provided that this sub-section shall be made by the State Government under the exercise of the power conferred on it .
haemorrhage , and shock , caused from ante mortem injuries , caused by fireworks , was the cause of death .
V- Whether at the time of the accident , the aforesaid truck was insured with the opposition no . 3 ?
as a result thereof , the claim petition was rejected , which is the subject matter of the present appeal .
therefore , first and foremost , it should be seen whether in absence of owner , the appeal is maintainable ?
53- In the past , it would be necessary to hold that the business of tobacco is permissible in India .
some of the accused persons , namely , Raju Singh , Abhimanyu Singh , made a scuffle with his brother .
(VII ) Whether there is unity of joint possession in the suit property and the interest of the party ?
on the same pretext , consent would not be a valid agreement , particularly when the victim is a minor .
Hon'ble Shri Prakash Chandra Jaiswal , J. Hon'ble Janna Mishra and others vs. Crown Prince Singh and others .
the platform was two long hands , two broad arms with a high hand of about 2 - 2 % .
after her marriage , on the next day of her marriage , her daughter had gone to her matrimonial home .
the informant has only stated to have furnished the trap to him by the accused persons in his chief examination .
the aforesaid testimony of the informant is also totally contradictory to the prosecution case as alleged in the written report .
as a cash at hand , it was not expected to be attached to the sale of a quantity sheet .
the petitioner no . 1 was a purchaser while the petitioners are Nos . 2 , 3 and 4 vendors .
the body of the deceased was found to have been burnt completely in the backyard in front of the room .
on the day he was in a possession of the property he claimed to be the owner of the property .
22- The criminal jurisprudence pointed out to be the imposition of punishment in proportion to the nature of the crime .
it is the opinion of the Judicial Officer and the consequential decision of the Board , which is under question .
it is clearly an interesting thing to use a carriage before a horse and to make a self - abortive .
which , in his opinion , would be useful for , or relevant to , any proceeding under this Act .
the best way to give in the context of the legislative intent would be to give the literal interpretation . 
(i) the composition of the regional council and the manner in which the members of the regional council shall be chosen:
(2) Every Judge of the Supreme Court shall be entitled without payment of rent to the use of an official residence
42. State pensions, that is to say, pensions payable by the State or out of the Consolidated Fund of the State.
241. The Tamil Nadu Land Reforms (Fixation of Ceiling on Land) Second Amendment Act, 1979 (Tamil Nadu Act 8 of 1980).
244. The Tamil Nadu Land Reforms (Fixation of Ceiling on Land) Second Amendment Act, 1983 (Tamil Nadu Act 2 of 1984).
276. The Tamil Nadu Land Reforms (Fixation of Ceiling on Land) Second Amendment Act, 1987 (Tamil Nadu Act 4 of 1988)
(iv) in entry 45, for the words and figures List II or List III, the words this List shall be substituted.
(ii) in the case of any block of assets, such percentage on the written down value thereof as may be prescribed:
(iii) where the business is of the nature referred to in sub-clause (iii) of clause (c) of sub-section (8), such business, 
(a) the programme of rural development had been approved by the prescribed authority before the 1st day of March, 1983; and
43B. Notwithstanding anything contained in any other provision of this Act, a deduction otherwise allowable under this Act in respect of 
(v) where the capital asset, being a share or a stock of a company, became the property of the assessee on 
(a) on account of the surrender of the annuity plan whether in whole or in part, in any previous year, or
(1B) For the purposes of sub-sections (1) and (1A), the extent of deduction of profits shall be an amount equal to 
(c) is for the time being approved by the prescribed authority80 at any time before the 1st day of April, 1999.
(d) where the plaintiff or the defendant is a minor or a person of unsound mind, a statement to that effect;
(2) Where an intimation is given to the plaintiff under sub-rule (1), the plaintiff may make an application to the Court
4-A Nilgun mark measuring 6 to 0 m2 to 0 m in the right cubile fossa (in front of Elbow Joint)
(b) that a person has or has not been recognized by the Central Government to be the head of a State.
WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate and amend the laws relating to the procedure of the Courts of Civil Judicature :
7. It will be useful to quote the relevant portion of the finding of the appellate court which is as follows:
It is for the public as matter of judicial restraint to leave the function of assessing public opinion to the legislators.
Subsequently, penal rent @ Rs. 100 per month for the period from 1.9.1973 to 31.8.1975 was deducted from the plaintiff's salary.
Therefore, in view of the aforesaid facts and circumstances of the case, the appellant is entitled for the benefit of doubt.
So far as the sentence is concerned, it is stated that the appellant is in jail for more than 12 years.
9. Let a copy of this order be given to the learned Amicus Curiae and the learned Advocate General by tomorrow.
3- The matter in dispute is the licence of the respondent - writ petitioner to hold the arms conferred on him .
there is no Harijan's house in the neighbourhood of the suit land , and it is the fallow land .
according to the appellants , the present case is a counter case of the North Eastern case filed by the appellants .
he may not be in force to the benefit of the petitioner in so far as the disciplinary proceedings are concerned .
after the death of Govind Mahto , there was difference of opinion in the family regarding cultivation of the suit land .
therefore , these rights , including the right to pay , arise from a valid and legal appointment to the post .
the ratio laid down is a right to be tried as per the rules as existing on the date of advertisement .
the complaint was made at the instance of business competition from the ulterior motive or at the instance of the appellant .
Ext . 1 is a referral ticket , Ext . 4 series and Ext . 10 are the prescription of doctors .
the gratuity of the employer in the provident fund was to be 8 per cent of the salary of the employee .
today , after the retirement of the petitioner , this mistake has been understood and the recovery is to be effected .
it would be relevant to state that the Rules of 2010 will not apply to the case of the present petitioners .
11 . in order to deal with this aspect of the matter , the evidence of the mother would be relevant .
failure of the respondents in holding the meeting of the Selection Committee , according to the Statute , has been emphasized .
in other words , the use is permissible in accordance with the provisions of the Code but has its own limitations .
the only requirement is that they have to deposit the requisite licence fee on which they shall deposit the application form .
for the purpose of convenience , I shall refer to the position of the parties as existing in the Court below .
in para 23 , he had stated that they were not afraid of any incident at the hands of the accused .
in my opinion , it would be unsafe to base the conviction of the appellant on the materials brought on record .
by and large twenty - four teeth ( milk teeth ) ; a subsidiary hair and pub hair are not developed .
the various documents annexed to this interlocutory application show that the appellants in fact are in possession of the disputed holders .
21- The facts and circumstances of the present case are different from the facts and circumstances of the judgments cited above .
after one and a half years after the execution of the sale deed , the money was paid by Sheikh Arzu .
therefore , in the attitude , it is the need of the time to move towards social reference by the adversaries .
the continuation of the said proceeding , according to the petitioner , is a gross violation of the procedure of law .
the dead body was kept in the western ground situated in the western side of the Saru Sah's house .
5- However , it would be better for the petitioners to raise the question of jurisdiction before the learned trial court .
2 . there are two signs of librated over the distance of " % on the right side of neck " .
in the present case the preliminary decree was drawn up in the appropriate form provided by the Code of Civil Procedure .
according to the writ petitioners , the transfer of sugar factory by the Corporation to the Company is vitiated by malafide .
it is the duty of the Public Service Commission to select the best talent for the public services of the State .
5 . apart from being involved in commerce , there is also a question of the rights of a third party .
5- The Lok Adalat can , therefore , be referred to either in the pre suit stage or by the court .
in this context , the affidavit of the State of Bihar , particularly paragraph 7 , is very important and relevant .
it would be in the interest of both the parties to conclude the trial of the accused-appellants as expeditiously as possible .
it is further submitted that the sale deed is of the year 1907 in which the goods Husain is the purchaser .
at the same time , the proposal to cancel the employment in case of failure to improve the service was passed .
4- When discrepancy in merit and other information , etc . , this approval would be deemed to have been cancelled .
the height of the building from the base column is 11 meters according to the sanctioned plan ( Appendix 3 ) .
it is also a matter of record that a large number of litigation is going on in respect of the property .
this can be done only if the well - explained circumstances are found to exist by the Hon'ble Supreme Court .
this Court will consider the said fact for the purpose of disposing of a writ petition which is not in dispute .
Hon'ble Mengeshwar Sahu , J. Hon'ble Mr. Jagaleshwar Chaudhary and Others vs. Ram bika Choudhary and Ors .
in support of such a plea , reliance was also placed on AIR 2001 SC 2547 , AIR 2002 SC 2861 .
Ashwani Kumar Singh , J. Heard learned Advocates appearing on behalf of the petitioners and learned counsel for the State .
however , the petitioner would be entitled to receive his name in his Provident Fund Account for the amounts of deposit .
a proposal for compassionate employment has also been made to the son of the petitioner in the service of the State .
it is not the act of the Court to reject the facts and notices which are not part of the record .
the complainant also pointed out that due to the gift deed in question , there were unnecessary litigation in the court .
8- However , with regard to the nature of the allegation , the evidence of the doctor is not much material .
5- Having seen the evidence , the submission advanced by the learned counsel for the sole appellant appears to be correct .
the presumption will be that the properties are the self acquired properties of the defendants , whose names are the properties .
it is not difficult to imagine the hardship which must have been caused to the respondents during the last two decades .
that the respondents had continued in the above work establishment for a further period of one year is not in dispute .
the three sisters of Poorna Dev Narayan Singh were sister - in - law Devi , Shakuntla Devi and Kamlata Devi .
unfortunately , Javara Begum had died when the respondent was the first batch / defendant to be a new born child .
the first and last pages of the judgment in hand be made over to the learned amicus curiae for necessary action .
( ii ) Whether the suit is barred by law of limitation as well as by estoppel , waiver and acquiescence ?
on the one hand , they did not make any difference between the general allegation and the charge on the other .
under the acquisition , the land was irrigated by water from the tubewells as well as the canal of the municipality .
Hon'ble Aditya Kumar Trivedi , J. Hon'ble Mr. Justice Panchanan Sharma and Ors . Versus State of Bihar
now , therefore , it is an admitted case that the accused , Mahto and Raza - Mehto , were separate .
it was not required by him to be guided by the order of cognizance passed by the Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate .
thus , though it was the privilege of the State to lay down the parameters , it has been laid down .
the question is as to what will be the effect of Section 11 of the Suits Valuation Act on this situation .
2- As was disclosed in the trial , the case of the prosecution , in brief , is as follows :
for the first time there was a block of internal viscera , including small and large intestine , liver and kidney .
Hon'ble Dr. Ravi Ranjan , J. Hon'ble Mr. Mukesh Kumar Vs . Samstipur Regional Rural Bank and others
she disclosed : the injuries of fire arms which were the cause of the death of all the three deceased .
in Section 173 of the Act , there is no provision for the filing of the counter charge by the respondents .
in the post mortem report ( Ext.3 ) , the age of the deceased is shown to be about 40 years .
the court below in the present case has held that section of the Suits Transfer of Property Act has been decided .
on a plain reading of the text , it does not appear to have any connection with the period of detention .
Hon'ble Noble Prasad Singh and Neeloo Agarwal , JJ . Union of India and Ors . Versus Shiv Nath Jha
it has to be held on the entire facts of the case and the matrimonial relationship between the husband and wife .
it was also questioned on behalf of the accused persons as to whether they would like to say anything in defence .
Hon'ble Noble Prasad Singh and Nil Agarwal , JJ . State of Bihar and Ors . Versus Aneal Kumar Singh
however , on the facts and in the circumstances of the case , there shall be no order as to costs .
hence , in the absence of nourishment by the victim , the evidence of the aforesaid hearsay witnesses is not admissible .
the following words of advice of the Inquiry Officer to the Supreme Court at para 28 of the judgment were : 
cats had dragged her sister - in - law's sari , as a result of which she was naked .
on the day of occurrence at about 3 : 00 am , he was in a patrol alongwith other police officials .
the respondents shall comply with the direction in a legislative manner within the specified time and shall complete the departmental proceedings .
at that time , he was going to his maternal uncle's house from the money market on a motorcycle .
however , the approach of the court should not be to dilute the lacunae in the case of an accused person .
in the course of cross examination , the aforesaid subject has been brought up by the defence itself in paragraph 2 .
the effective principles of a fair trial lie in a general law both in criminal as well as in civil contexts .
(iii) the term of office of, and the salaries and allowances, if any, to be paid to members of, the regional council;
71. Union pensions, that is to say, pensions payable by the Government of India or out of the Consolidated Fund of India.
Extension of the jurisdiction of a High Court to, and exclusion of the jurisdiction of a High Court from, any Union territory.
29. The income referred to in section 28 shall be computed in accordance with the provisions contained in sections 30 to 43D.
(2) The deduction under sub-section (1) shall not be allowed unless the assessee furnishes along with his return of income a certificate 
(2) Where the assessee is an individual, the sum referred to in sub-section (1) shall be the aggregate of the following, namely: 
(ii) in any other case, an amount equal to fifty per cent of the aggregate of the sums specified in sub-section (2).
(ii) the business of the hotel is not formed by the splitting up, or the reconstruction, of a business already in existence;
(1B) For the purposes of sub-sections (1) and (1A), the extent of deduction of the profits shall be an amount equal to 
(3A) For the purposes of sub-section (1A), profits derived by a supporting manufacturer from the sale of goods or merchandise shall be, 
He testified that the occurrence took place some six years ago, it was Monday at about 11 O'clock in the day hours.
Thus, in view of the above, I do not find any force in the contention of the learned counsel for the respondents.
Rakesh Kumar was known to Mritunjay Kumar Singh from before, as he was on the visiting terms in the house of Vinita.
2- For the sake of convenience , I shall refer to the status of the parties as existing before the trial Court .
the petitioner is a lady physician who was posted at the Rafural Hospital of Barigaia at Lakhiai district at the relevant time .
16 . the Registry to send a copy of this order to the Special Judge , Surveillance - 1 , Patna forthwith .
it is only after the deposit of the compensation that the appellant shall be discharged from the liabilities of the bail bonds .
in this letter , there were full comments of the Commissioner - cum - Secretary in respect of all the four petitioner .
firstly , it is to be held that the girl was an adult as on the date of incident or a minor ?
in the records of Bihar School Examination Committee , the date of birth of the appellant is dated 5th July , 1978 .
in the course of investigation , the date of birth of the appellant was verified by the Investigating Officer of the case .
at any point of time , he did not call upon the authorities to enquire into the matter with the concerned officer .
the possession , title and possession of the property is shown in the receipt of rent issued by the State of Bihar .
 " in the light of the established statutory proposition as aforesaid , the present case needs to be examined . " " 
( IV ) Whether the suit is barred by the law of limitation , the doctrine of desertion , acquiescence and estoppel ?
the learned trial court had specifically come to the conclusion that the defendants' suit was not in possession of the land .
heard learned counsel for the petitioners , learned counsel for the State as well as learned counsel for opposition no . 2 .
all the prosecution officers in the district falling within the precincts of the circle are subject to his direct control and supervision .
all concerned parties , accordingly , will ensure compliance in the public interest so that the trial in court is not affected .
the preposition or'separating used in the said sub - division is to be read in the same manner .
according to the plaintiff , he has been in possession and the defendants have never been in possession of the other party .
according to the case of the plaintiff the cost of construction of the hut was to be adjusted on the rent due .
VII . whether the defendants have a right to assess the tax of the plaintiff in relation to the properties in question ?
from the evidence , it is also clear that the appointment of a successor is always made of Cheela from the Guru .
Maheshtha , the Mutt and the wealth of the saints have always been in possession and management has been in their hands .
the matter was referred to the Court of Session and after the attendance , the charges were explained to the accused persons .
the informant and Ftam Yadav had made it clear to him that it was not possible to give motorcycle to Pradeep Yadav .
in such circumstances , it was obligatory on the disciplinary authority to provide a copy of the said report to the petitioner .
the land of the accused is at a distance of one kilometre on the north west side of the place of incident .
the suit properties were of defendant Nos. 1 and 2 and Smt . Sona Devi and they are in possession of them .
the field of rice situated on the western side of the road between Pazhabadi Chowk and Shibdaspur was the place of occurrence .
the object is to achieve social justice , which is the constitutional philosophy provided in the Preamble to the Constitution of India .
in the event of his failing to do so , he and a half year's rigorous imprisonment would be served .
hence , the judgment and decree of the lower appellate court in favour of the plaintiff is liable to be set aside .
but her father - in - law's father - in - law had thrown them away and repeated their demand .
in the course of his return , they saw the accused persons at a distance of two feet away from the Idgah .
the first place of the incident is a well and the second place of the incident is the garden of Ahmad Khan .
as the payment was to be made under an order of the Accountants General , it took some time in the process .
one of his sons was Duma Shah , while the two sons of Mangaroo , Chauri and Rama , were Defence Shah .
the decision of the Chief Justice or the District Judge shall be final and shall be complied with by the Advocate Union .
2- For the sake of convenience , this Court shall refer the parties thereto in accordance with their status at the trial .
it is quite different to have knowledge of the pendency of the suit and the knowledge about the hearing of the suit .
in the case of Anneel Kumar Gupta and others ( supra ) , reservation in medical colleges was a matter of dispute .
( VI ) Whether on the basis of aforesaid sale deed , the plaintiffs had been in possession of the disputed land ?
at that time two vehicles had also arrived at Kadikhideya Tola village , covering the members of the bridegroom's party .
therefore , according to the plaintiff , there was a partition and , according to the defendant also , there was separation .
in the facts and circumstances of the present case , the judgments relied upon by the appellant are not applicable at all .
therefore , it would be appropriate to take note of the law laid down by the Constitution Bench in the said judgment .
H . e . by the order of the Governor of Bihar ( Prakash Kumar Singh ) Special Secretary to the Government .
the defendants , on the basis of the prescription provided by the State of Bihar , claimed possession over the suit land .
Hon'ble Nobilogy Prasad Singh and Jitendra Mohan Sharma , JJ . Union of India and Ors . Versus Gopal Kumar Pandey
47 . we are of the opinion that the obligation of the least sixty percent of the eligibility marks is very hard .
2- The sole respondent in the appeal before the lower court and also in the present appeal is Smt . DG Devi .
the parties had gone to the trial on the question relating thereto that there is connection between the landlord and the tenant .
the second IMPL and the beer are the generalaries , while the third consumers are the doctors and the retired army officials .
a plain reading of the aforesaid sections would show that the punishment is entirely dependent upon the subjective satisfaction of the Collector .
Ex . 4 is a post mortem report from which the age of the deceased is estimated to be about 35 years .
it is only in the case of witnesses of secondary importance that the practice of summoning them for cross-examination should be adopted .
the specific case of the petitioner is that the house in question was purchased out of the income of the joint family .
the definition of minimum social element as contained in Section 2 ( d ) of the Act reads as under :
the Supreme Court did not tamper with the findings of the learned counsel for the State and the Bar Council of India .
as it is but natural that persons interested in avoiding village clothes will not offer land to any person free of charge .
normally , a number of facts will not be clubbed together and consolidated questions are not to be asked by the accused .
( iv ) Also , the stomach was the stomach , the liver and the spleen were stupefied , in the stomach .
such a finding is not based on any report of the probation officer of the case or investigation officer of the case .
in the absence of such a complaint , the trial and conviction shall have been unconducted from the beginning of the non-jurisdiction .
a copy of the first and last page of the judgment may be given to the learned amicus curiae for necessary action .
17- In the result of this order , all the consequential benefits conferred upon the petitioner shall also be granted to him .
Punya Deva Giri and Sarma are also the Nanda Giri persons and the loyal and the'shudras .
the prosecution side is the descendant of the throne of Giri , whereas the accused persons are the descendants of Jangi Giri .
the last argument of the respondents was that since the petitioners did not possess the degree of post graduate and that grade .
in such a situation , the decision is apparently contrary to the rule , even to the other side of natural justice .
just decision in a case would mean a just decision both from the point of view of the prosecution and the accused .
326. Elections to the House of the People and to the Legislative Assemblies of States to be on the basis of adult suffrage-
(3) The Chairperson, Vice-Chairperson and other Members of the Commission shall be appointed by the President by warrant under his hand and seal.
24. The Assam State Acquisition of Lands belonging to Religious or Charitable Institution of Public Nature Act, 1959 (Assam Act IX of 1961).
(a) the maintenance of registers or other records as to the political parties, if any, to which different members of the House belong;
(b) For the purposes of this article, the population of the State of Jammu and Kashmir shall be deemed to be sixty-three lakhs;
Provided that such actual cost shall not exceed the written down value of such capital asset in the hands of the demerged company.
(i) "competent authority" means the authority empowered to approve the building plan by or under any law for the time being in force;
(x) where any person receives, in any previous year, from any person or persons on or after the 1st day of April, 2017, 
(c) administered in such manner as may be specified by the State Government or the Lieutenant Governor, as the case may be; or
(b) for an assessment year beginning on the 1st day of April, 2002, a deduction of a sum equal to the aggregate of 
(c) for an assessment year beginning on the 1st day of April, 2003, a deduction of a sum equal to the aggregate of 
(d) for an assessment year beginning on the 1st day of April, 2004, a deduction of a sum equal to the aggregate of 
(iii) the construction of the hospital is in accordance with the regulations, for the time being in force, of the local authority; and
Where the property to be attached is agricultural produce, the attachment shall be made by affixing a copy of the warrant of attachment
Where there are children born of the child marriage, the district court shall make an appropriate order for the custody of such children.
(2) Every rule made under this Act shall, as soon as may be after it is made, be laid before the State Legislature.
Provided that, in every suit heard by a Court of Small Causes, the summons shall be for the final disposal of the suit.
A cut wound was present in the middle of the left scapula from 2 to 0 m g 1 to 0 m. .
Surrounding wastelands are better place for their presence as they are more open and a mix of grassy patches and few xerophytes bushes.
With abandoned stone quarries acting as waterholes, the area outside reserved forest provides fodder requirement, water requirement but not hiding ground for Blackbucks.
This Order shall apply to minor plaintiffs and defendants, and to the next friends and guardians for the suit of persons under disability.
Appellant at the relevant time was in his young age of 20, illiterate man without job and having no criminal antecedent at all.
Firstly, this defence might have been capable of being examined if the investigation as well as the evidence at the trial was complete.
The University in exercise of its power/jurisdiction passed the impugned order refixing the pay scales according to the posts legally held by them.
Much stress was laid down that there are contradictions in the testimony of the witnesses with regard to the manner of the incident.
The accommodation in occupation of the revisionist which is in dispute, consists of two rooms measuring 50' x 6' and 10' x 6'.
But on pretend of marriage, the petitioner enjoyed her and made physical relationship in the house of his friend for the whole night.
They supported the prosecution case to the effect that they reached at the place of occurrence on hearing the cry of the deceased.
Admittedly, in the instant case, mortgage was entered into in the year 1926 by one Scheduled Tribe in favour of another Scheduled Tribe.
(2) The Chairman the [Executive Committee or the Corporation may determine the service of any spermanent] employee at any time on giving him
during the course of cross examination , in paragraph 3 , there appeared to be some kind of hostile atmosphere between the parties .
the defective construction of the legal effect of any document , according to the learned counsel , is a material question of law .
this submission of the learned counsel is related to the construction of the deeds in question , namely , the deeds in question .
when the statutory provision is valid , it is not the duty of the court to issue directions contrary to the said provision .
Hon'ble Rajendra Kumar Mishra , Hon'ble Mr. Justice Jeati Bhushan , Tarakeswara Tiwari and Ors . ( in both )
on the death of the Faujdar , the sons of the daughter and the deceased daughter have been in possession of the property .
while , in the case of Assistant Public Prosecution Category II , the concerned District would be the unit for all such purposes .
the learned trial Court , on the basis of the evidence and material on record , had arrived at the following conclusions :
the responsibility of this Court to comply with the order from time to time will exclusively lie on the Vice-Chancellor of the University .
( C ) only contributory Provident Fund in which employer's contribution shall be 10 per cent of employee's salary .
the cause of the incident is said to be a dispute between him and the accused persons with regard to the mango tree .
the issue , thus , has to be considered in the background of the circumstances leading to the conduct of the present case .
rather , the entire confusion was due to the inaction / neglect and negligence of the concerned office bearers of the Bihar Government .
more than that , the contradiction in the evidences of the prosecution witnesses does not go to the root of the prosecution case .
however , so far as the point is concerned by the petitioner , the same could not be answered by the learned counsel .
in fact , the allegations made in the second FIR are the result of the investigation of the case in the first instance .
it has been stated that the total area of the two shops will , more or less , meet the requirements and requirements .
the actual facts , especially the FIR given at the police station , have been suppressed which ought to have brought on record .
the memo of appeal before the first appellate court was mostly limited on the question of ex parte trial by the trial court .
in the absence of this , the order shall be treated as an order passed in a mechanical manner without application of mind .
in essence , it is the evidence of these three witnesses and the conviction and sentence has been recorded on the same evidence .
this is the son of defendant Nos . 3 and 4 , and father - in - law of defendants 1 and 2 .
the judgment of the aforesaid first appeal , arising out of the judgment and the preliminary decree , is being pronounced today together .
it is a matter of relevance to allegations as contained in the fardbayan of informants and prima facie of his deposition in court .
at the same time , the Jitendra's gandasa , Satendra Kunti and Atal Kunti and Kunj Singh were armed with lathi .
therefore , his evidence is also not found to be of any avail so far as the case of the prosecution is concerned .
the prosecution witnesses have fully supported the case of the prosecution with regard to the injuries inflicted by the appellants to the injured .
the so called auction sale by the plaintiff is not in accordance with the provisions of Chapter XIII of the Bihar Tenancy Act .
he has submitted that it is the liability of the disciplinary authority to supply a copy of the enquiry report to the delinquent .
hence , first , no inspection should have been made at the centres of the petitioner on the very next day of Holi .
further , it is the duty of every lawyer to ignore it carefully with the intensity of the call for strikes or boycott .
on the date of his retirement he was getting salary in a sanctioned pay scale to the Executive Engineer in the Class-IV service .
while in the increasing reader , the application is not maintainable , while the entire process was to be on the issuing register .
11 . it is reflected from the record that as a matter of fact , twelve prosecution witnesses have been examined in all .
in case of failure to pay the same , the respondent will be at liberty to change the same in accordance with law .
in such circumstances , it was obligatory for the disciplinary authority to make a copy of the said report available to the petitioner .
the police office bearer had come to the place of occurrence from the police station at that time his father was available there .
therefore , there could not be any punishment in the departmental proceedings on the basis of the identical charges framed in the proceedings .
a number of stakeholders and other stakeholders have created a great deal of controversy for the administration as well as for the courts .
the petitioner shall now be subject to judicial custody in terms of Section 309 ( 2 ) of the Code of Criminal Procedure .
( iv ) whether the applicant / appellant is entitled to compensation and at the time of deciding the issues , issue no .
provided further that the same provisions shall apply to the widow of a pre-deceased son of a son with effect from such modifications .
he submitted that the oral evidence clearly showed that the appellant was not the owner of the car on the day of accident .
prior to the framing of the award , a new scheme was introduced by the Government of Bihar on 19th February , 2007 .
the appellant is the dealer of the fair price shop at Talkpur Dhumra , village of Madhuban Panchayat of Sitamarhi District since 1997 .
it was in the case of Waqf Mosque and Imambara village , that 16 of Tosji No. 2188 was the day - today .
the first group is a group of witnesses belonging to the Department of Animal Husbandry , while the other are from the Treasuries .
it is the duty of the police to find out the correctness of the allegations in the FIR in the course of investigation .
the requirement or requirement is to be that of an appellate court , keeping in view that the interest of justice is paramount .
later , the agency became a part of the District Rural Development Agency ( DRDA ) , Bhagalpur , in the year 1982 .
it is well settled that at the stage of framing of charge , the defence of the accused cannot be put in place .
later , the only defendant , who is none other than the sister of the sole plaintiff , is the petitioner in it .
in the writ petition , detailed account of the developments that took place were made available due to which the delay was delayed .
Vs . Union of India and others 2011 ( 1 ) WJJC No. 10960 of 1999 . decided on 23rd July , 2015 .
12 . from the memo and also from the post mortem report , the death of the deceased is found beyond the dispute .
then , after that , the accused persons had searched for him and also fired gun shot at the deceased in various ways .
Hon'ble Noble Prasad Singh and Neeloo Agarwal , JJ . Kalinder Kumar @ Kalendra Kumar Versus State of Bihar and Ors .
he was a Railway sensor and was attached to the compilation of parking charges at the three wheeler stand at the Gaya station .
further , there must be an attempt on the part of the Tribunal to keep the Defendants / claimants under a pre-emptive situation .
in the meantime , a report may be sent to the Chief Executive Officer , Amarpur regarding the details of his immovable property .
Hon'ble Noble Prasad Singh and Neeloo Agarwal , JJ . Ravi Prakash and Ors . Versus State of Bihar and Ors .
he found the dead body of the deceased Nuniyya Devi at a distance of about 3 yards from the east of the gate .
in the north - west corner , at about 50 yards , he found the dead body of Jaswant Singh @ Child Singh .
the husband or wife of that person shall be or will be an competent witness in the criminal proceedings against any person . 
this is the submission of learned counsel for the appellants and the grounds taken in the memo of appeal are also the same .
Hon'ble Noble Prasad Singh and Neeloo Agarwal , JJ . Union of India and Others Vs . Smt . Naina Devi .
however , they appear to be highly interested as such their evidence has to be dealt with with with with with utmost care .
hence , the evidence or statements of the witnesses produced by the plaintiff are not reliable and are not supported by the plea .
hence , the addition of 60 % by the High Court on the basis of price table and 60 % is clearly unconstitutional .
the aforesaid behaviour and conduct of the wife , according to the statement made by the husband , caused mental cruelty to her .
therefore , the trial court as well as the High Court were justified in relying upon the evidence of the prosecution witnesses . 
while the body of Sunil was behind the house of the drainage board , the dead body of light was in the field .
as per the FIR , the occurrence had taken place in the school premises which is at the entrance of the eastern side .
in this view of the matter , it is difficult to accept the prosecution case that this witness was present on the spot .
a final selection will be made on the basis of the performance of the candidate in the written examination and personal interview . 
a final selection will be made on the basis of the performance of the candidate in the written examination and personal interview . 
as a result of the dispute raised by the employees , the Award for reinstatement with the back total wages has come up .
it is necessary to remember that it is only when the authorities take action that the truth of the case will come out .
it is also an admitted case of the present complainant that he is a tenant in the house of the petitioner Rajanandan Singh .
Twood , who is the brother's brother's brother - in - law , had told him about the incident .
so far as the other part was concerned , he had been able to live up to the scrutiny of the cross examination .
( 2 ) No appeal may lie , with the consent of the parties , from an order passed by the Claims Tribunal .
injury No . ( I ) , ( ii ) , ( iii ) are of a serious nature and the injury number .
their house is on the western side of the village , while the incident took place in the eastern part of the village .
9- The situation being such , the present prosecution is beset with serious infirmities , to which the impugned orders will not stand .
1.There shall be paid to the President and to the Governors of the States 1*** the following emoluments per mensem, that is to say: 
12. (1) There shall be paid to the Comptroller and Auditor-General of India a salary at the rate of four thousand rupees per mensem.
232. The Maharashtra Land Revenue Code and the Maharashtra Restoration of Lands to Scheduled Tribes (Second Amendment) Act, 1976 (Maharashtra Act 30 of 1977).
PART XVII The provisions of this Part shall apply to the State of Jammu and Kashmir only in so far as they relate to 
(iii) "manufacture" shall have the same meaning as assigned to it in clause (r) of section 2 of the Special Economic Zones Act, 2005;
(iii) the value of any benefit or amenity granted or provided free of cost or at concessional rate in any of the following cases 
(ii) the holder of an impartible estate shall be deemed to be the individual owner of all the properties comprised in the estate ;
(i) the particulars prescribed in this behalf have been furnished by the assessee in respect of the ship or aircraft or machinery or plant;
(i) all the properties of the firm relating to the business or profession immediately before the succession become the properties of the company ;
(2) The expenditure referred to in sub-section (1) shall be the expenditure specified in any one or more of the following clauses, namely : 
(3) Where the assessee is a Hindu undivided family, the sum referred to in sub-section (1), shall be the aggregate of the following, namely: 
(c) it holds a certificate of eligible business from the Inter-Ministerial Board of Certification as notified in the Official Gazette by the Central Government;
That the informant gone before reaching there by giving gesture, That by seeing police jeep, the two pointed new youth tried to run away.
Hon'ble D. N. PATEL, J. Giridhar Singh Versus State of Bihar & Ors. W.P. (C) No. 389 of 2008. Decided on 19th April, 2011.
He found two incised wounds on the neck, caused by sharp cutting weapon, like knife, and the death was the result of cut throat.
the prosecution witnesses , that is , the informants and the members of his family belong to the same family as the Dev Sah .
he has stated in his evidence that about four years ago , at about four : 00 pm , he was at his call .
13 . further , in the background of the evidence of the prosecution witnesses , the offence of kidnapping is found to be doubtful .
he later found that Raghu Yadav's house was situated at Haldani , the father - in - law of Prem Prakash Yadav .
( 2 ) The same wound with a wound of entry and exit of the same size , present on the left upper arm .
( the numbers of the calls ( appearing and to be mentioned at para 9 of the impugned judgment ) are mentioned in detail .
the aforesaid decisions , in my opinion with full respect , do not assist the appellants in the facts and circumstances of this case .
the said Bindeshwari Sharma , Advocate , had sold the property by registered sale deed in the name of the father of the defendant .
in particular , if the appointment is based on forgery , the statutory right to pay , etc . , would not flowing out .
learned counsel submits that it would be really difficult for the petitioners to appear in personal presence at every date fixed at the trial .
in the judgement before the Supreme Court , the property was the public property held by the Gram Panchayat of Naulakha in the village .
in other words , Madhuban Chaura is the real uncle of the appellants , as Rajkumar Chaura and Madhuban Chaura were the real brothers .
the petitioner is a defendant in the lower court and aggrieved by the order and the present application has been filed for this reason .
it is not the case of the deceased that there was any previous demand of dowry prior to the actual date of the incident .
however , so far as the point raised by the petitioner is concerned , the same could not be answered by the learned counsel .
after the Corporation was set up , the Board of Directors of the Corporation decided to lay down various service conditions for the employees .
the conviction of the appellants for the offence punishable under Section 34 read with Section 34 cannot be sustained in the eyes of law .
if a candidate to fill up the post at some time was not available then the vacancy will be required to be advertised again .
however , in the present case , there is no counter report by the accused or any other person related to the first FIR .
however , in view of the condition regarding residence laid down in the advertisement , this issue in the instant case is not relevant .
therefore , the terms and conditions in the contract must be binding on the parties to the contract and not on the third party .
there is , therefore , difference in the evidence of the witnesses on the mode of arrest and there is contradiction in their evidence .
10 . the other benefits , including dues , revision , etc . , will also be computed within the same period of time .
these findings of both the Courts below are contrary to the intention of the parties and the averments in the sale deed in question .
in other words , the share which would come in the possession of the plaintiff would be 5 feet wide and 32 feet long .
his father has passed his name but he is unable to say anything about the landed property of his father - in - law .
in front of the flour mill , there were five men standing around the corner of the mill whom they claimed to have identified .
it has no application to the facts of the present case . the facts in Jitendra Kumar Srivastava ( supra ) were somewhat identical .
the impugned order , for the second reason , does not reflect the consideration of the reply of the petitioner of a query notice .
from para 19 of the cross examination , it is evident that the grandfather of the accused and his grandfather were the real brother .
( the decision of the State Government , which restoring the situation , is available at Appendix 5 of the memo of appeal ) .
the trial of the appellant before the court referred was without the sanction of the Inspector General of Police or the Commissioner of Police .
every appointment in question was made by the concerned Regional Director in 1989 / 1990 in the exercise of the power conferred upon him .
Hon'ble Jyoti Saran , J. Hon'ble Amarendra Kumar , J. ( in 10138 ) Smt . Maya Devi ( in 1423 ) .
3 . the impugned order is Annexure 4 and 6 respectively of the writ application which are sought to be quashed by the petitioners .
28- The registered court below shall forthwith send a copy of this judgment and order along with the record to the learned trial court .
this is necessary for the doctors to save them from problems which may not be found to be in abeyance for the last time .
the aforesaid C.W.JC number 7062 of 1998 before the learned single Judge was an advocate appearing in the case of Shri Jitendra Kumar Rai .
Hon'ble Nobilogy Prasad Singh and amp ; Jitendra Mohan Sharma , JJ . Union of India and Ors . Versus Dinesh Kumar Rai
as a matter of fact there was any inconsistency between the husband and wife as a result of which the present case was instituted .
therefore , the argument of learned counsel that the partition had taken place is not to be accepted which is contrary to the plea .
if the court is satisfied with the explanation offered by the plaintiff , then the court shall have the right to allow the amendment .
it is the same principle which has been adopted in sec . 11 of the Suits Valuation Act in the context of economic jurisdiction .
( I ) that the petitioner shall hand over a bank guarantee of Rs . 3 lakhs , making the satisfaction of the court ;
consequently , the appeal filed by the petitioner before the Deputy Inspector General of Police , Darbhanga Zone , is revived in his file .
their Lordships of the Hon'ble Iqbal Ahmad Ansari , J. Ballav Prasad @ Rajballav Prasad Yadav @ Rajballav Yadav Versus State of Bihar
Hon'ble Iqbal Ahmad Ansari , Chief Justice and Anjana Mishra , the State of Bihar and Ors . Versus Narayan Kumar and Ors .
18 . in view of the above arguments of the parties , the points that arise for consideration in this appeal are as follows :
in the north - western corner , at about 50 yards , he had found the dead body of Jaswant Singh @ Child Singh .
7A . the Board of Revenue is the Court of wards of the State of Bihar in terms of Section 5 of the Act .
the wife's ill - treatment and ghastly attitude spurred all attempts to get at the union of friends and well - wishers .
in this context , the claim given by the plaintiff to the title over the land in question will be said to be unbelievable .
it has come out in the evidence of the prosecution witness that the paddy grown in the field was upto the height of chest .
in the instant case , during the trial , the entry of the station diary was not produced by the police in the Court .
Explanation . For the purposes of this section , a railway employee , who is on duty , shall be deemed to be
on mere sight , it would be clear to the writ court that the decision was rendered on the basis of a wrong authority .
the learned trial court had made a defective appreciation of the evidence and had given a defective finding with regard to the last division .
it is the duty of the enquiry officer to come to a conclusion taking into account the material brought on record by the parties .
in the discharge of judicial functions of the court , the cause of the community at its hands is also entitled to general treatment .
the hearing of the submissions of the accused at the stage of framing of charges is limited to the material produced by the police .
on the northern side , there is an open plot of land and a distance of one kilometre away from the village of Chintamanpur .
since , as per recent amendment of the Code of Civil Procedure , the date of the decree shall be the date of judgment .
therefore , the Court of Vaishali has no jurisdiction and on account of this , the impugned order is liable to be set aside .
Guru Dayal was armed with a farsa , Qaddu was armed with a axe , Ram pada and Chhota Singh were armed with Iathi .
there was doubt in the mind of the informant that the deceased had played an important role in getting them arrested in some cases .
the allegations against the petitioners have been made in the last part of the FIR which is vague and multi - functional in nature .
the child born on the assurance of the doctor that the child will not be infected with this chlamydia disease or any other disease .
Provided that no such order shall be made after the expiration of three years from the date of the formation of the State of Nagaland.
(a) "House means either House of Parliament or the Legislative Assembly or, as the case may be, either House of the Legislature of a State;
(a) have become members of such other political party or, as the case may be, of a new political party formed by such merger; or
(1) the site of any building in any town, or town area or village abadi or any land appurtenant to any such building or site;
(i) the site of any building in any town, or town area or village abadi or any land appurtenant to any such building or site;
(23BBF) any income of the North-Eastern Development Finance Corporation Limited, being a company formed and registered under the Companies Act, 1956 (1 of 1956)51 :
(5) The forms and modes of investing or depositing the money referred to in clause (b) of sub-section (2) shall be the following, namely : 
(i) the profits and gains of any business or profession which was carried on by the assessee at any time during the previous year ;
(ii) all the liabilities of the firm relating to the business or profession immediately before the succession become the liabilities of the company ; and
(ii) in a case referred to in clause (b), in the year immediately following the period of eight years specified in sub-section (2) ; or
(ii) "appropriate fraction" means the fraction the numerator of which is one and the denominator of which is the number of the relevant previous years.
(i) all the assets and liabilities of the undertaking or undertakings immediately before the transfer become the assets and liabilities of the resulting co-operative bank;
(iii) the resulting co-operative bank issues, in consideration of the transfer, its membership to the members of the demerged co-operative bank on a proportionate basis;
(ii) the provisions of this sub-section shall apply also in a case where the transfer took place prior to the 1st day of April, 1988;
(i) by the National Highways Authority of India constituted under section 3 of the National Highways Authority of India Act, 1988 (68 of 1988); or
(3) The amount of set-off of the accumulated loss and unabsorbed depreciation, if any, allowable to the assessee being a resulting co-operative bank shall be, 
(b) which is in accordance with a scheme framed and notified, by the Central Government, in the Official Gazette for the purposes of this clause.
(i) "appropriate fraction" means the fraction, the numerator of which is one and the denominator of which is the total number of relevant previous years;
(iiid) the Rajiv Gandhi Foundation, the deed of declaration in respect whereof was registered at New Delhi on the 21st day of June, 1991; or
Provided that the consideration for the execution of such project or, as the case may be, of such work is payable in convertible foreign exchange.
80HHE. (1) Where an assessee, being an Indian company or a person (other than a company) resident in India, is engaged in the business of, 
Judgments of other Courts shall contain a concise statement of the case, the points for determination, the decision thereon, and the reasons for such decision.
It is immaterial whether the Indian Penal Code (45 of 1860) is or is not in force in the place where the coercion is employed.
I have heard the ld. APP for the State and Senior Advocate for the accused no. 1 and have perused the material available on record.
Laxity on the part of either Judicial Officers or on the part of police administration is a serious issue and calls for an immediate action.
Since no indication is there as to when it becomes due, it has to be taken to be the date of adjudication of the claim.
during the continuance of any meeting of such House of Parliament or, as the case may be, of the Legislative Assembly or the Legislative Council;
The chest wall in the chest was in accordance with the version of the bone before the death of the bones and the Plura death.
It is also not without significance that the prosecutrix stealthily went out with the appellant to a lonely place at 12 O'clock in the night.
In fact, the same authority at least should have granted a notice and an opportunity of hearing ought to have been given to the petitioners.
The escalation in the enhancement of the fee is fully justified and the Tribunal could not have decreased it by means of the impugned order.
As a matter of fact, in view of the nonavailability of vouchers and relevant registers, any enquiry/investigation by State Agencies looks difficult at present juncture.
The factum of going to Calcutta in white Indica Car is proved as per the evidence of PW1, 2 and 6 and the investigating officer.
7- In such circumstances , in my opinion , the continuance of the proceedings would be a gross abuse of the process of the court .
as soon as the method of holding a trust had ceased , the succession would be regulated by the general rule of the Mitakshara law .
thus , in this regard , the absence of the relevant plea or statement / explanation by the plaintiff in his deposition is crystal clear .
the case of the defendant is that the suit is the result of business competition as both the parties are engaged in the same business .
( III ) any other relief which may be found to be entitled to the petitioner in the facts and circumstances of the present case .
on the same day , and in the same process , some of Shri Charan Singh Choudhary was also appointed on a scheduled caste quota .
the cause of the alleged incident is said to be old enmity and the wife of Bharat Dhara's wife to have an unethical relationship .
4- Learned counsel for the State , at the outset , has raised the preliminary properties at the point of maintainability of the writ petition .
it is for the appellant to show that due to filing of the statement , the right of the plaintiff has come to an end .
Teja Singh's Ganpat Mahto alias Munshi Mahto , Pokhi Mehto , alias Chhotu Mahto and he was the three sons of Bhagabat Mahto .
13 . in the case of Mst . Punwar ( supra ) , the facts were similar to the facts of the case before us .
it was never mentioned either by the wife of the deceased or by the wife of the deceased or by the son of the deceased .
according to the learned counsel , on the death of the original tenant in the eviction suit , all the heirs are not necessary parties .
the entry of the names of the defendants in respect of plot nos . 397 and 398 is correct and the defendants are in possession .
it is an admitted case of the parties that both the owners were joint on the date of execution and registration of the sale deed .
in 1918 , after the death of the nostrils , the sister - in - law had become limited to the property of the goddess .
now , in view of the above fact , it is the only requirement of the plaintiff to open a grocery store for a son .
even to point out at a distance , there is not even a portion of the material that the appellant is guilty of financial irregularities .
therefore , the language used in Section 2 ( 9 ) is remote from excluding the graveyard land used in Section 2 ( 9 ) .
thereafter on account of his transfer , he handed over charge of investigation to the office bearer of Phulwari or in charge of Police Station .
next morning , in the course of search , it was found to be salwar wef the west of the mango grove of Kalij Khan .
on the basis of the evidence adduced in the proceedings , both the charges levelled by the Investigating Officer against the petitioner were found proved .
in the course of search , the police , along with others , had entered the house of the accused persons through the back door .
accordingly , the impugned conviction of the accused-appellants and the sentence passed against them by the judgment and order under appeal will be set aside .
the petitioner shall be free to make constructions according to the scheme subject to any order passed by the Municipal authorities in accordance with law .
it is for this reason , the argument of the petitioner is that the actions taken are an violation of Article 300-A of the Constitution .
9- The just attitude shown by the learned amicus curiae in the course of the cross-examination has been found to be very creditable and excellent .
on 05.04.1998 , he was handed over the charge of investigation of the case by the Officer - in - charge , the then incharge .
thus , in the event of a provision being made by the repealing Act the consequences of such an appeal , the same would prevail .
( B ) is a minimum Matriculation or equivalent and has achieved a minimum of 45 per cent of the marks in the said examination .
on the same date of equal marks and equal birth , a higher position in the panel will be assigned by the draw of lots .
in the said case , Narendra , son of late Ravinder Prasad Singh ( informator of the case in hand ) was also a witness .
Hon'ble Dharanidhar Jha and Anjana Prakash , JJ . State of Bihar ( 43 of Bihar ) , Chandra Bhushan Singh ( in 861 )
according to the defendants , there was a separation in the year 1945 and there was a partition by the Panchayat in the year 1968 .
19 . in this regard , it would be useful to also furnish the relevant extract of the postmortem report , which is as follows :
on the other hand , the specific case of the plaintiff is that it is a joint family property and no partition had taken place .
but , according to the senior Sub - Collector , the records with regard to the attendance register produced by the petitioner had raised doubts .
he admits that the father-in-law of the appellant Dina Nath Singh was the son in law of the deceased accused Ramanuja Singh Hari Darshan Singh .
as a matter of fact , by this deed , there was no partition of the property , hence , it is a defective nomenclature .
besides , there was Devaki , one of the sons of Govardhana , who had three sons , namely , Bhogan , Gopal and Kanhaiya .
in support of the above arguments , he has relied upon several judgments of this Court as well as the Hon'ble Supreme Court .
22- In the background of the settled principle of law as referred to above , the facts of the case are now to be seen .
the two plots , i . e . , the lands within 1395 and 1049 , were the self - acquired properties of Unowned Chowdhary .
the Superintendent of Police , stationed at Araria , may appear to have been biased against the judicial office of Mr Shivdeep Lede Araria District .
 " even though the final result may be the same , namely , dismissal of the acquittal or indictment of the accused . " " 
22- Now , the appellant , on coming to the status of Subrooke Lal Singh , is alleged to have fired gun shot against him .
this argument is not only truth - speaking but is also very dangerous because of its implications and its implications on the law system . 
25- Apart from that , even though the occurrence took place on 4 . 5 . 1985 ( sic 4 . 8 . 1985 ) .
Hon'ble Ajay Kumar Tripathi , J. Hon'ble Nandini Kumari and others ( in 1111 ) Laddan Mahto and others ( in 11160 ) .
while the latter part of the prayer is beyond the jurisdiction of the Family Court and is liable to be adjudicated by any Civil Court .
the facts as found in this judgment are distinct from the facts of the case in hand and are not worth comparison on several points .
the said accused , to catch up with Manish Sharma , had come to the house of the said Sub-Inspector of Police , Sanjay Sharma .
at the time of treatment , mother of the deceased and his brother Pintoo Singh and Ranjan Kumar Singh were also present all the time .
what is more , the statement of one of the lines will not wipe out the entire pleadings or the entire pleadings of the same .
under such circumstances , the evidence presented by the witnesses of both the presentation - cum - seizure list shall be binding on the prosecution .
on the other hand , according to the defendants , the plaintiff is not the sister of Manjhi Sav , but she is a INDO .
she used to go to Babuarai , with the permission of her father - in - law , who was the karta of the family .
provided that the Court may , at the time of the appointment of the Commissioner under this sub-rule , take note of the reasonable reasons .
the said loan was advanced on account of good relations between the parties and it was imperative for defendant No. 1 to have it over .
it is , of course , possible that they should be totally excluded in some cases and in some cases they may be partly excluded .
be specified in the order , therefore , to be Vinod in Bhush , were to be done in sub - section ( 1 ) .
the immediate disposal of the dispute and the entire purpose of reducing the expenses of the suit would have been aborted by such a process .
in the above view of the matter , this Court is of the opinion that the aforesaid judgment cannot save the case of the respondents .
130 . now , the power of Food Security Commissioner is derived from the standards laid down in the Regulations to pass an prohibitory order .
if he tries to do so , it is inevitable that there should be a great deal of confusion in the functioning of his department .
on the contrary , close proximity to the deceased would normally be most reluctant to spare the real culprit and falsely implicate an innocent one .
( III ) Whether the suit is barred by the law of limitation , resignation , acquiescence and consent and by the principle of estoppel ?
Hon'ble Aahinuddin Ainullah , J. Julpur fisher Co - operative Committee Ltd . and Anr . Vs . State of Bihar and Ors .
however , from the point of view of the court it is not to be construed that the said 495 persons are now without treatment .
in the course of cross examination , in paragraph 9 , he stated that the incident had taken place between the door and the backyard .
accordingly , a conscious decision has been taken to provide the benefits of reservation to the most backward classes and not to the backward classes .
it was also agreed that the complainant will make available empty bag to the firm of the petitioner no . 1 for the Catster docks .
in relation to the cases existing in , the area of law making shall be limited to the extent to which the list is included .
we are in complete agreement with the aforesaid interpretation and the principle of law and do not see any reason to take a different view .
Provided that the recommendation of the Constituent Assembly of the State referred to in clause (2) shall be necessary before the President issues such a notification.
(ii) the sitting members shall be deemed to be the members of the Legislative Assembly of the State of Sikkim duly elected under this Constitution; and
15. Jammu and Kasmor : The territory which immediately before the Kashmir commencement of this Constitution was comprised in the Indian State of Jammu and Kashmir.
27. Relief and rehabilitation of persons displaced from their original place of residence by reason of the setting up of the Dominions of India and Pakistan.
(5) PART V. 1) (a) For the purposes of article 55, the population of the State of Jammu and Kashmir shall be deemed to be sixty-three lakhs.
(8) The provisions of this section shall be applied in accordance with such guidelines and in such manner as the Board may prescribe in this behalf.
(vii) an Indian Institute of Technology within the meaning of clause (g) of section 3of the Institutes of Technology Act, 1961 (59 of 1961) ; or
(ii) "appropriate fraction" means the fraction, the numerator of which is one and the denominator of which is the total number of the relevant previous years;
(ii) "appropriate fraction" means the fraction the numerator of which is one and the denominator of which is the total number of the relevant previous years;
Explanation. For the purposes of this section, "programme of rural development" shall have the meaning assigned to it in the Explanation to sub-section (1) of section 35CC.
(i) in relation to the amount referred to in clause (b), the cost of acquisition and the cost of improvement shall be taken to be nil;
(vib) any transfer, in a demerger, of a capital asset by the demerged company to the resulting company, if the resulting company is an Indian company;
(i) in the case of acquisition of such asset by the assessee by purchase from a previous owner, means the amount of the purchase price; and
Provided that nothing contained in this sub-section shall apply in respect of such income as arises or accrues to the minor child on account of any 
(iiic) the Indira Gandhi Memorial Trust, the deed of declaration in respect whereof was registered at New Delhi on the 21st day of February, 1985; or
(iiihf) the Chief Minister's Relief Fund or the Lieutenant Governor's Relief Fund in respect of any State or Union territory, as the case may be :
(b) under the overall control of the Chief Secretary or the Department of Finance of the State or the Union territory, as the case may be;
(4A) The deduction under sub-section (1A) shall not be admissible unless the supporting software developer furnishes in the prescribed form along with his return of income, 
Provided that any hotel approved by the prescribed authority before the 1st day of April, 1999 shall be deemed to have been approved under this sub-section.
(5) Sums disbursed by the decree-holder for the subsistence of the judgment-debtor in the civil prison shall be deemed to be costs in the suit :
The Child Marriage Prohibition Officers shall be deemed to be public servants within the meaning of section 21 of the Indian Penal Code (45 of 1860).
(6) The High Court or the District Judge, as the case may be, shall prepare a panel of courier agencies for the purposes of sub-rule (1).
A cut wound was 5 to 0 m 0 to 0 m which was 4 to 0 m below the right nipple, this wound was cavydeep.
As a result whereof the employer would be compelled to go back to a situation which prevailed many years ago, namely, when the workman was retrenched.
The decisions are on the basis of the prospects of future earning and also having specialized qualification in one of the branches of the medical Science.
The question of nonjoinder of parties is also not relevant as the nonjoined parties have no stake to loose or gain by the order in question.
the petitioner states that it is undisputed is that the petitioner was a retired employee who had retired from the Bering Road Branch of the Bank .
after the inability to pay the ransom was shown , the matter was settled at Rs . 6 lakhs to secure the release of the ocean .
16 . the State side is that the District Magistrate has arrived at the conclusion on the basis of certain inquiry or recommendation of the Magistrate .
the Special Director ( Secondary Education ) , Government of Bihar , Patna accordingly , will ensure immediate payment of all dues to both the petitioners .
heard learned counsel for the petitioner and learned counsels for the respondent Rajendra Agricultural University as well as of the State along with Bihar Agricultural University .
the above recommendations answer all the queries put up in their letter sent by the Prime Minister's Office to the Ministry of Home Affairs .
19 . a copy of this order be sent to the Chief Secretary , Bihar , the State of Bihar for proper compliance of the directions .
the pain in connection with the deficiency in completion of the repair work was agitated after passing over a period of one and a half years .
in fact , he had also been fully supported the story of the informant's transfelling paddy from objective findings at the scene of occurrence .
in the said circumstances , when the Workmen's Union of the agency had undergone the expenses of the workmen in connection with the promotion .
26- Under Chapter XII of the Code , Section 173 relates to the report of the office bearer of the police officer on completion of investigation .
in spite of the aforesaid background , this witness denies that his mala fides in the respect of Sajjan and his family members was not forthcoming .
hence , the conviction and sentence of the appellant is also not at all supportive , but they are also entitled to the benefit of doubt .
it was submitted that the judgment of conviction recorded by the trial court and the sentence passed by the trial court did not attract any interference .
thereafter , on the basis of the complaint , the case was registered which was Police Station Chatham , a case no . 150 of 2006 .
therefore , in view of this plea of the plaintiff , he came to know of the fraud caused by the defendants in the year 1972 .
3- It is not in dispute that the vehicle which was shock at the time of the accident was under the insurance cover of the appellant .
(VII ) Whether the suit land is in the possession of the plaintiff and whether the suit land is the occupancy kasht of the plaintiff ?
thus , learned counsel for the appellants submits that in such a situation , it would not be safe to sustain the conviction of the appellants .
it is only a declaration of result which has to be made in the light of re - calculation which would be of a formal nature .
heard learned counsel for the petitioner as well as the learned counsels for the respondent Bihar Police Co - operative Society Limited and for the State .
the said rule does not design an opportunity of being heard or a disciplinary proceeding to the principle of natural justice or to the person concerned .
therefore , in the District Council , with regard to inland waterways , the power may be withdrawn altogether on its disposal by the State Government .
on the other hand , even in the absence of advocates , it is the responsibility of all courts to proceed in the cases before it .
in our opinion , the liability arising essentially out of the effect of the order of this Court shall be the liability of the State Government .
 " if this Hon'ble Court requires a detailed counter affidavit , the University will file a para-wise reply to the writ petition . " 
this is the view of the Court and my view appears to be in consonance with the provisions of Code of Criminal Procedure in Chapter XXIX .
the employees on the truck , who fall within the purview of the Workmen's Compensation Act , were also covered by the insurance policy .
46- The Registry shall forthwith send a copy of this judgment and order to the learned trial Court along with the records of the lower court .
in the light of the above , now the post of Group D will be appointed only by the tenth largest number of candidates .
the witnesses examined on behalf of the defendants in relation to the plaintiff with Sukhdev are not in consonance with Section 50 of the Evidence Act .
he had reached the place of occurrence and saw the dead body of his brother Deepak Kumar Singh , who came as soon as with firearms .
the property of the petitioner was also well defined and as a result of the partition being already effected , Bhagwan Dubey had also separate properties .
39- The Registry shall forthwith send a copy of this judgment and order to the learned trial court along with the records of the lower court .
on the north side of the place of occurrence , the informator was sitting and the place was south of the place of occurrence Ftajendra Masurr .
their main case is that , in fact , after the death of Mahavira , the original plaintiff No. 1 , Ramnandan Choudhury was the Karta .
he was disclosing necessary details of the kind of incident and the reasons for its connected therewith as to why the shot was fired on him .
6- Considering the matter , learned counsel for the appellants , according to our considered view , are on a proper side on both these issues .
there is no such twilight and that is not the case of our order purporting to be for any higher constitutional institution like the High Court .
58 . the Registry shall send a copy of this judgment and order along with the records of the courts below to the learned trial Court .
10 . in order to understand the problem posed in the present case , the scheme of the Code of Criminal Procedure has to be seen .
it would be relevant to quote para 11 of the aforesaid judgment : 11 . the rest of the question is only on the multiplier .
the same shall carry interest at the rate of eight per cent from the date of filing of the application till the date of actual payment .
all that he is is is is that an requisition in writing should be presented to the chief by sending a copy to the Executive Officer .
the work of the State Government was not permissible as has been held by a large number of judgments of the Hon'ble Supreme Court .
in spite of this , Nthune used to abuse the family of the appellants and on account of the same provocation the occurrence had taken place .
10 . even otherwise , the very basis of the argument is on the foundation of an effective date mentioned in Rule 3 of the Rules .
52- The Registry shall forthwith send a copy of this judgment and order to the learned trial Court along with the records of the lower court .
in view of the established proposition of law , it is presumed , here , to be presumed , the correctness of the transaction dated 13.06.1898 .
in view of the above facts and circumstances of the case , I do not find any merit in the representation filed by both the parties .
54- The Registry shall forthwith send a copy of this judgment and order to the learned trial Court along with the records of the lower court .
21- The Registry shall forthwith send a copy of this judgment and order to the learned trial court along with the records of the lower court .
24- The Registry shall forthwith send a copy of this judgment and order to the learned trial court along with the records of the lower court .
51- The Registry shall forthwith send a copy of this judgment and order to the learned trial Court along with the record of the lower court .
the said land is away from the city and the rate of land at the time of acquisition was Rs . 480 / - per katta .
the hearing of the submissions of the accused at the stage of framing of charges is to be limited to the material produced by the police .
the impugned conviction of the accused-appellants and the sentence passed against them by the judgment under appeal and the order under appeal are hereby set aside .
38- The Registry shall forthwith send a copy of this judgment and order to the learned trial Court along with the records of the lower court .
28- The Registry shall forthwith send a copy of any judgment and order to the learned trial Court along with the records of the lower Court .
the hearing of the submissions of the accused at the stage of framing of charges is to be limited to the material produced by the police .
a large epidural Hemotoma was found on the removal of the skull cap by turning the pressure on the left paryoto temporal region of the brain .
2- In order to better appreciation of the controversy going on in the present events , the facts of the case have to be seen first .
the contravention of Sections 323 and 324 of the municipal law is not in contravention of the criminal provisions of the Indian Penal Code by itself .
according to Mr. Sinha , learned counsel for the respondents , the writ petition deserves to be rejected only on the ground of concealment of fact .
the Court will only take note of the fact that there appears to be a typographical error in Rule 4 ( 1 ) of the Rules .
in the said judgment , the nature of the transaction between the parties , more or less , was akin to the facts of this case .
provided that the report shall not , without the signature of any member of the Board , have any effect on the validity of the report .
accordingly , the impugned conviction of the accused appellant and the sentence passed against him by the judgment and order under appeal shall be set aside .
36- The Registry shall forthwith send a copy of the judgment and order to the learned trial court along with the record of the lower court .
according to the case of the parties , there were five brothers of Satya Dev Choudhary , who was registered in the Revision Survey , Khatiyan .
(630 ) and Balraje vs. State of Maharashtra (( 2010 ) 6 SCC 673 : ( 2010 ) 3 SCC ( Cri . ) )
it would follow that the conduct which would be deplorable to a government servant in the context of the code of conduct would be a misconduct .
in the research in the Kanda and in the supervision by the Superintendent of Police , the interests of the witnesses of the truncus are noted .
when they came to the road , they saw Sonu Kumar was hit with a bullet in his head and was in a pool of blood .
it has been stated in clause 8 that on the basis of the contract , the maximum age limit of the employees would be 65 years .
it is in this light that the provision is to be understood about the hearing of the submissions of the accused as envisaged by Section 227 .
consequently , the need for the victims of crime and the rights of the victims should be given priority in the overall response to the crime .
therefore , the execution of such a document is not the execution of a false document as defined under Section 464 of the Indian Penal Code .
on the south of the place of occurrence , there is open ground and after a distance of one km , the village of Goribalwa falls .
for this purpose , it would be a healthy proposition to lay down that in such circumstances , the burden on the accused is somewhat heavy .
as submitted , the cumulative effect on the part of the learned trial court errs down the findings recorded on behalf of the learned trial court .
at the time of marriage , fifty thousand rupees were delivered , and she had gone to the house of her father - in - law .
in the instant case , the penalty could be justified , however , the appellant was of the view that imposition of penalty was not mandatory .
the bank , in its opinion , had decided not to proceed with the departmental proceedings but in waiting for the result of the criminal case .
it would be relevant to examine some of the judgments of the Hon'ble Supreme Court and this Court for the purpose of better appreciation .
( 2 ) A copy of the information recorded under sub-section ( 1 ) shall be given forthwith , free of cost , to the informant .
being capable of referring to a legislative field as contained in it , it was entered in List II of the Seventh Schedule of the Constitution .
(2) The Governor may make regulations for the peace and good government of any area in a State which is for the time being a Scheduled Area.
(a) direct that the whole or any specified part of a Scheduled Area shall cease to be a Scheduled Area or a part of such an area;
(3) [(d)] In article 134, clause (2), after the words "Parliament may, the words on the request of the Legislature of the State shall be in serted
Provided that the Central Government shall not specify, for the purposes of this sub-clause, such securities or bonds on or after the 1st day of June, 2002;
Provided that the Central Government shall not specify, for the purposes of this sub-clause, such Capital Investment Bonds on or after the 1st day of June, 2002;
(ii) any assets (being debentures issued by, or on behalf of, any company or corporation), acquired by the research association before the 1st day of March, 1983;
In the judgment titled as " Abu Thakir & Ors. vs. State of Tamil Nadu ", reported in (2010) 5 SCC 91, the Hon'ble Supreme Court held:
Hon'ble D. N. PATEL, J. Mahesh Prasad Swarnkar & Ors. Versus State of Jharkhand & Ors. W.P. (S) No. 2584 of 2005. Decided on 18th January, 2011.
Thus, there is no statutory duty upon the respondents to pay the exgratia amount to the dependents of the deceased who died in encounter prior to 21.3.2001.
11. I have perused the judgment and Award given by the Claims Tribunal and given a careful consideration to the argument and the citation placed before me.
Hon'ble POONAM SRIVASTAV, J. Ravindra Taunk and Ors. Versus Smt. Vasanti B. Taunk and Ors. First Appeal No. 863 of 1993 (R). Decided on 9th March, 2011
Therefore, if it is taken as 18 years and taking one year margin, definitely the petitioner was juvenile at the time of alleged occurrence. Insurance Company Ltd.
3. The brief facts of the case are that one Doman Murmu was the Gram Pradhan (Headman) of the village Bichpahar, falling in the district of Pakur.
however , such a minimum sentence is also found to be subject to relaxation and for the same special reasons have to be marked by the Court .
7- In the course of a criminal prosecution , there is a presumption of innocence of the accused till it is rebutted by a judgment of conviction .
5- It is the case of the plaintiff that the late Bepat Mahto was the common ancestor of both the parties , of which two wives had .
however , at the time of the above mentioned hearing , a material question of law raised by the appellants is decided in favour of the appellants .
the plaintiff is the son of Kalo Devi , who was the daughter of Dilbodh Singh , whereas the defendants are representing the branch of Zulu Singh .
the findings , according to the opinion of the doctor were as follows : probably the above injury no . 1 was caused by sharp edged object .
12- On the date of the advertisement was to be tried in accordance with the position of the statute and not in accordance with the earlier position .
10 . in the instant case , the intention of the deceased appears to be that after his death the property should be inherited by the plaintiff .
the suspicious circumstances raised by the appellant here are that the Faujdar could not execute the Will in the absence of a daughter and a grand child .
in such a situation the retention of the said amount would be without the authority of law and would be violative of Article 300-A of the Constitution .
the petitioners shall be entitled for full pension , including the revision , made by the State from time to time , for the period indicated above .
no evidence was adduced by the appellants in support of their defence , rather the defence of the appellants was of complete denial to the prosecution case .
the learned trial court passed the impugned judgment of conviction and sentence in the manner stated above by placing reliance on the testimony of the prosecution witnesses .
4- It is not in dispute that the father of the petitioner was in possession of the land in dispute as a Sirdar of one Sarwat Das .
34 . in order to deal with his submission , it would be appropriate to refer the provisions under Order 41 of the Code of Civil Procedure .
( III ) any other appropriate relief / reliefs for which the petitioner is found to be entitled to in the facts and circumstances of the case .
according to the plaintiff , the Fakira maha had only two daughters , viz . , Panni - bandi , Kunwar and Radhey - Kanwar .
if the prescribed limitation is the same as the limitation prescribed by the Schedule , the Limitation Act ( sections 4 to 24 ) shall not apply .
however , in the case , the Investigating Officer has not been examined and the description of the place of occurrence has not been brought on record .
it is an admitted fact that the sale deed is in the name of Mawa Lal and the lease deed is in the name of Shyam Lal .
so far as the allegation of sale of land by the plaintiff is concerned , the defendants have denied the possession of the sale and the purchaser .
the informants and the individuals had pursued them up to the river Godaria , which was at a distance of about one - fourth to two posts .
the High Court , therefore , is on error in reducing the sentence by holding that the injury was not on the vital part of the body .
after the road , there is the house of Ram Mohan Sharma in the east and the house of accused Ramanand Sharma and others in the west .
the act done by the State Government , therefore , is basti right from the very beginning and does not amount to ill - will in law .
at first , by the learned inspection judge ; then by the Chief Justice ; then by the Standing Committee ; and then by the Full Court .
the petitioners claim that prior to their contribution to the Bihar Judicial Service , they were employed in the Public Service in the State of Uttar Pradesh .
( ii ) Whether in the case of a Muslim minor , the acceptance of the father on his behalf would be a sufficient compliance of law ?
further , in view of the registered adoption deed placed on the record of the suit , it would be presumed that legitimate adoption would take place .
in the facts and circumstances of the case in hand , the decision relied upon by the learned counsel for the petitioners is not helpful to them .
the aforesaid fact is marked by the purchases including the writ petitioner and the sale deed executed by the same vendor in favour of the private respondent .
the learned trial Judge has dealt with this aspect of the matter at page 16 of the judgment in the context of the evidence of the witnesses .
( IV ) Whether the Plaintiffs get the United Nations of the identity and possession of the title on the suit property , along with the Defendants ?
the dead body of Fulamba was at a distance of three step towards the west from her house in a verandah from the dead of Shanti Kumari .
in view of the number of positions specified in the Ordinance , there was no question of abolition of the post of teacher in the primary unit .
in case of slopes of path , the level of the path will be at the central line at the centre of the front of the rear .
within three months , preferably within three months from the date of receipt / submission of copy of this order , a quick disposal would be creditable .
just three months before the filing of the suit , a partition had taken place between the two branches but no partition had taken place by demarcation .
it has been laid down by this Court , which is an established principle that it is the obligation of the Court to assess the reasonable compensation .
14 . let the effective part of this order be forwarded to the Secretary , Patna High Court to the Committee of Legal Services for necessary action .
the father of the plaintiff , namely , Ram Avatar Singh , being an illiterate person , was under the influence of his elder brother Ramanand Singh .
according to the learned counsel , the deed is in fact a admission of partition inasmuch as , by Ex.PA , the parties did not get title .
her dead body was seen by the daughter of the informant at about 4 : 00 am when she came out to attend the call of nature .
Birendra Prasad Verma , J. The issues involved in the aforesaid two writ petitions , as also , facts and law , are similar and general .
at last the land was that of the State of Bihar and the purpose of settlement was to provide a source of livelihood to a landless person .
the impugned order of conviction of the accused-appellants and the sentence passed against them by the judgment under appeal and order under appeal are hereby set aside .
at the time of acquisition , the land in question was sold at the rate of Rs . 20 / 25 , 000 / - per katta .
the entire activity of the agency was 75 per cent financial accommodation provided by the Union of India and 25 per cent financial by the State Government .
the petitioners have produced before this Court copies of the Standing Committee of the High Court as well as of the resolutions passed by the Full Court .
the appellant was a daughter of three months born out of the marriage and also a minor child was sleeping with the deceased and the appellant herein .
the impugned conviction of the accused appellant and the sentence passed against him by the order under appeal and the judgment under appeal are hereby set aside .
it was only after the evidence was placed on the issues in question that led to the said conclusion that it was a more appropriate step . 
15 . while granting the quantum of compensation , there is a fundamental principle to the effect that the quantum of compensation should be just and reasonable .
in view of the established enunciation of law by the Supreme Court as quoted above , it is the act of the plaintiffs to prove its case .
the Zonal shall re-consider the Inspector General of Police and shall dispose of the same in accordance with law giving opportunity of being heard to the petitioner .
( IV ) Whether the plaintiffs are entitled for a decree for specific performance of the contract for the same , in possession of the suit land ?
2- In the suit , the defendants are appellants in this appeal against the decision awarding the decree to the plaintiff and the reversion of the decree .
in cross-examination , in paragraph 7 he had stated that there was a total likelihood of the decrease or increase in the event of a limiting calculation .
it had relied a great deal of reliance coupled with another dimension added to the interpretation of the State of Bombay vs. Kathalu Ogu ( supra ) .
according to him , the place of occurrence was the house of the deceased Subodh Singh , who was situated in the eastern Tola of the village .
the evidence presented on behalf of the plaintiffs is not reliable , whereas the evidence produced on behalf of the defendant / appellant is reliable and competent .
it has also been disclosed that at the time of the accident , the offending vehicle was insured under the United India Insurance Company Limited , Purnea .
it has also been pointed out that there is a ladder leading to the first floor of his house , in the very northern part of it .
it shall be open to the petitioner to raise all the points of law in the context of his petition of habit in the course of hearing .
the witnesses examined by the plaintiffs are on the question of self-acquisition of the property of Varanasi and not on the question of point of any partition .
while trying to divide the property of the joint family , the Pleader Commissioner shall allot the house to this house in favour of defendant No. 1 .
17 . the parameters of jurisdiction of the High Court in exercise of its jurisdiction under Section 482 of the Code of Criminal Procedure are well settled .
in these objective trials , the questions shall be printed in two languages , namely English and Hindi , except for the examination of the ordinary English .
the further case of the claimant is that at the time of death of the deceased , he was about 22 years of age and was unmarried .
he further threatened that his son - in - law was a notorious post office and , at his instance , he would finish his entire family .
therefore , in the facts and circumstances of the case and also in the issue involved therein , the said decision would not be of any avail .
19- The appellants shall be bound to pay the amount of compensation along with the interest as stated in the order and the award of the Tribunal .
in the course of cross examination , he stated in para 11 that he had gone to the Bible , while he went to the other jeep .
the incident had taken place at a distance of 10 My Father's Friend from his door , and was at that time a dark night .
( IV ) Whether the suit is barred by Section A ( b ) of the Bihar Consolidation of Holdings and Prevention of Fragmentation Act , 1956 ?
the Hon'ble Supreme Court had held the same to be applicable to a prosecution which was pending at the time of commencement of the Amendment Act .
in the accompanying facts of the case , the opinion expressed by the doctor on the physical examination of the victim's body will be immaterial .
(a) the Chairman of the Union Public Service Commission shall be ineligible for further employment either under the Government of India or under the Government of a State;
(a) the reservation of seats for the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes in the House of the People and in the Legislative Assemblies of the States; and
(i) in the matter of direct recruitment to posts in any such cadre referred to in sub-clause (b) as may be specified in this behalf in the order;
(iii) the said Legislative Assembly of the State of Sikkim shall exercise the powers and perform the functions of the Legislative Assembly of a State under this Constitution;
RE-STATEMENT, WITH REFERENCE TO THE PRESENT TEXT OF THE CONSTITUTION, OF THE EXCEPTIONS AND MODIFICATIONS SUBJECT TO WHICH THE CONSTITUTION APPLIES TO THE STATE OF JAMMU AND KASHMIR
(g) the aggregate participation interest, directly or indirectly, of ten or less members along with their connected persons in the fund, shall be less than fifty per cent;
(a) the land or building or both owned by the assessee as on the 2nd day of June, 2014 and which has been transferred under the scheme; or
(a) to expenditure by way of infructuous or abortive exploration expenses in respect of any area surrendered prior to the beginning of commercial production by the assessee ;
(vi) any transfer, in a scheme of amalgamation, of a capital asset by the amalgamating company to the amalgamated company if the amalgamated company is an Indian company;
(a) the shareholders holding not less than three-fourths in value of the shares of the demerged foreign company continue to remain shareholders of the resulting foreign company; and
Provided that the consolidation is of two or more schemes of equity oriented fund or of two or more schemes of a fund other than equity oriented fund.
(ii) in any other case [not being a case falling under sub-clauses (i) to (iv) of sub-section (1) of section 49], shall be taken to be nil ;
Provided that the assessee furnishes the certificate referred to in sub-section (2) or, as the case may be, sub-section (2A) of section 35CCA from such association or institution.
(1) Upon the determination of the questions referred to in rule 101, the Court shall, in accordance with such determination and subject to the provisions of sub-rule (2),
Any person who is of the age of majority according to the law to which he is subject, and who is of sound mind, may employ an agent.
The Court shall cause the particulars of every suit to be entered in a book to be kept for the purpose and called the register of civil suits.
The method of recruitment, age limit, qualifications and other matters relating to the said post shall be as specified in columns (5) to (13) of the aforesaid Schedule.
(a) Whether by himself or by any other person on his behalf, imports into India or manufactures for sales, or stores, sells or distributes any article of food
Thus, it is also expected from the judicial officers that they should also rise to the occasion to come out to the expectation of the public at large.
The petitioner was assumed to be the owner of the said vehicle by the informant of the instant case, who was the Investigating Officer of the previous case.
But it is clear that the occurrence took place over a quarrel amongst the villagers as to whether a check dam should be constructed first or a culvert.
On the other hand, it has come in the investigation that the petitioner was indeed one of the Directors of the Company in question at the relevant period.
The defendant had also no knowledge of any sale or desptch of the alleged goods by him neither in the month of September, 1981 nor on any date.
when he said that he was the father of the ocean , the drawer had demanded a sum of rupees 10 lakhs for the liberation of the ocean .
there were two lips , half - digested food material in the stomach and all the injuries mentioned above were injuries as soon as death caused by firearms .
admittedly , according to the evidence , the appellants had gone to the picture of the victim movie along with Harri Devi @ Kanti Devi and Indu Devi .
such a case , in the face of the result , would neither benefit the parties to the trial nor fully satisfy the interests of the Union . 
so far as the terms and conditions of the deeds are concerned , they will not depend upon the subsequent conduct of the parties or the subsequent event .
thus , in the admitted facts of the case , the appellant was 17 years , 11 months and 10 days on the last date of the incident .
the petitioner shall also be entitled to the benefit of interest on pensionable dues in terms of the circulars of the Bank , at the rate stated therein .
District Magistrate , Monghyr , had in fact stated that his recording of the solution was based on the recommendation made by the Superintendent of Police , Monghyr .
heard Mr. Krishan Chand , learned counsel for the petitioners and learned advocate for the learned Advocate General who is present on behalf of the respondents / State .
the only conclusion , therefore , would be that in terms of Clause 16.1 of the Statutes , the petitioner would be entitled to the benefit of pension .
so far as the correctness of the sale agreement is concerned , a similar plea was taken by the respondents before the trial court by the other group .
I have gone through the judgment of the learned trial Court as well as the judgment of the first Additional District Judge , Sewan , first appellate Court .
there is no such plea in the writ petition that the father of the present appellant , Khatar Pandit , claimed as the status of the occupancy ryot .
he has submitted that subject to the result of the proposed enquiry to be held against each petitioner , the nomination granted to the writ petitioner was provisional .
10 . in the instant case , in my considered opinion , the remedy of the petitioner , if any , is before the High Court of Bombay .
the size 6 " x1 % " x 4 " , the depth of wound was divided expressly into the spine of the spine and all the structures .
that such not having been done by the first appellate court , according to the learned senior counsel , the decision of the first appellate Court is perverse .
therefore , in view of the present remand order , the respondent Officer will decide the case of the parties as per the provisions of the 2011 Act .
it is a well established principle of law that the fardbeyan is not a encyclopedia and it is not necessary to provide a detailed account in the fardbeyan .
in that event , the other findings recorded by the learned lower Appellate Court will be adverse to the plaintiff and that will be in a critical situation .
Saheb , Kashyara , Ajoy - ara , Ashok - yara , Madhao - ud - Dahya and Makhi - ud - Khed were all armed with sticks .
this was because of the acquittal of the appellant's father , Uma Shankar Singh and father-in- law of the informant Shiv Shankar Prasad Singh step - brother .
the dispute is that the father of the brother Mahato was defendant Gori Mehto , and the brother of the brother - in - law , Johi Mehto .
in support of the said fact , Ex . 10B has been brought on record , which is a attested copy of the entries made in the register .
thus , it is a precondition to prepare a final decree and to record the same again on stock - in - produced papers of the value required .
in the year 2008 , Mr. YVs . V.Giri , learned counsel has also appeared in the Writ Petition No. 427 of 2008 for the Motipur Sugar factory .
in the instant case , the lower Appellate Court had recorded a finding on the basis of the evidence that no partition has taken place between the parties .
they have an unusual bad reputation in the matter of listing and , as far as possible , they are intended to be financed in as many cases .
the Hon'ble Court had considered the process of delimitation of assessment or determination of the assessment and the procedure developed by Uttar Pradesh Public Service Commission .
in case of breach of any condition of insurance policy , it is the act of the insurer to proceed against the insured for recovery of the amount .
in this connection , the finding of the doctor concluded as follows : I blood is clotted in the left side of the face and in the eyes .
except for a high improbability in the prosecution case , conviction in the case of a sexual offence may be based on the sole evidence of the prosecutrix .
a copy of this order may be sent to the Principal Secretary of the Department of Education for strict compliance with the order by all concerned . 15 .
according to him , for the post of Driver , the University had first prescribed the eligibility of having only the driving licence of a light motor vehicle .
in the case of non payment of fine , the appellants were directed to undergo rigorous imprisonment for the period of one year and for each of them .
Fauna for the post of Urdu subject will be irritable by the Board of Madarsa Examination Centres / institutions recognised by the Government of Bihar and the State .
the driver of the vehicle is also covered under the insurance policy , thus , the claimants are entitled to receive the amount of compensation from the insurer .
the petitioner shall be given an opportunity to file his reasons for the filing of the inquiry in respect of the memorandum of charge as framed against him .
according to the learned counsel for the appellants , it is a serious violation of Order 5 Rule 19A of the Code , which is mandatory in nature .
after that , the father - in - law had come to the spot with the chowkidar , both of them had taken Blediya Devi to the dispensary .
at the same time , the co-rural palanquin was going to a Kali Mai place on the eastern side of Ram village , behind which the appellant was .
the cognizance was taken in the light of the plaint , after the supply of the police paper , the matter was referred to the Court of Session .
there are references to a number of cases in the case diary which point out that the incident had taken place due to a deeper story of conspiracy .
the same view has been taken by the Hon'ble Supreme Court in the case of Sneha Gupta vs. Devi Swarup , 2009 ( 6 ) SCC 194 .
where there was no provision for the constitution of the Tribunals and the Waqf Tribunals have been constituted for the first time under the Wakf Act , 1995 .
during the course of the inquiry , the Chief Medical Officer had come to know that the Centre was being run by the petitioner and a qualified Sonoologist .
it is the language of the proviso that makes it mandatory for the State Government not to extend the period of three months of detention at any time .
it is one of some of the infirmities upon which the conviction of the appellants under Section 412 of the Indian Penal Code is to be set aside .
since there is a presumption in favour of the plaintiffs in relation to the joint , it is the duty of the defendants to prove the previous partition .
however , to the Magistrate who provides such benefit to the accused , it is necessary for him to take in the ordinary course of precautions enumerated above .
for the purpose of preparing the panel in accordance with the said provision , the head of the concerned Gram Panchayat shall be the Chairman of such Committee .
7- In view of such a commitment made , the petitioners can do the construction work , but this will be subject to the outcome of the suit .
one is on the side of the plaintiff concerned with the capacity to buy the property and the other is related to the capacity to construct the house .
according to the learned counsel , the judgment relied upon by the appellant , namely , AIR 1962 SC 1879 , is not applicable in the instant case .
Schedule B is a schedule B of movable property while Schedule C is a description of immovable property which is the subject matter of the suit .
when the panic was caused , her father - in - law doused the flames , and in her hand got as much as a little of burn .
from the above as well as from the perusal of all the documents available on the Table of the record , the following conclusions can be arrived at :
he was in charge of the establishment branch with a specific duty to maintain the service books of all the employees recorded on the rolls of the institution .
it has been laid down by this Court , which is a well established principle that it is the duty of the Court to assess a logical compensation .
9- On the one hand , the respondent and on the other hand , the petitioner had purchased an area approximately equal to that of the same vendor .
though the matter has reached the stage of framing of charge , in my opinion , it will not make any difference to the fate of the case .
in the opinion of this Court , it would not be appropriate for the Court to comment upon the merits and consequences of the investigation at this stage .
14 . having come then to the nature of evidence , first , there is a sense of propriety of documents relevant to the conduct of the parties .
( V ) This notification shall come into force on the expiry of thirty days ( thirty ) from the date of its publication in the Official Gazette .
the first of them is the son Bhagwan Prasad and his two daughters are the defendants , while the other four sons are the plaintiffs in the case .
( IX ) Whether the plaintiffs are entitled to the same along with interest at the cost of the suit at the rate of 18 % per annum ?
the properties are joint according to the respondents , then each member of the joint family has a right over each of the properties of the joint family .
 " medium School " has been defined as the state and state - of - the - art school providing education in the seventh and eighth standard . 
it is also revealed that there is a specific averment in the plaint that during being the karta of the Dhanu Mandal , the family took over the acquisition
3- In the suspension period , the headquarters of Shri Ram will be the Office of the Regional Chief Engineer , Department of Public Health Engineering , set-off .
17- It is apparent from a plain reading of Section 120 of the Evidence Act that in a civil proceeding , the husband shall be a competent witness .
it is , therefore , clear that I had full control over the branch as well as on the day - to - day activities of the branch .
all functionaries are those who are lawyers , be it Judges or the rest of the staff , have to act in accordance with morality and high ideals .
within two months from the date of enforcement of the existing Act , the plan prepared by a group of Secretaries will be presented to the State Government .
in the Scheme of Rule 12 ( 3 ) , the entry certificate of the child concerned ( or equivalent ) is the option of the highest level .
( II ) the date of birth certificate ( other than the primary school ) from the school for first entry , and in the absence of which ;
therefore , on the consensus of the parties , on merits as well as on the limitation petition , both the parties have heard and perused the record .
in this case , there has been a violation of a statutory provision and due to violation of a statutory provision , the entire enquiry has been vitiated .
when they went to the sound of a bullet , they saw that Sonu Kumar had fallen in a wounded state and the four people are running away .
43- The Chief Secretary shall ensure that the order be sent to all the District Magistrates and that the order of this Court should be given due publicity .
elections to Parliament and State Legislatures are held by the Election Commission of India in terms of the provisions of the Representation of the People Act , 1950 .
the petitioner is the advocate of the husband of the complainant in partition case no . 153 of 2010 brought out by the son of complainant Shikshant Prabhakar .
as a result , there will always be a material exaggeration of the fields by one entry in the list and another by another entry in another list .
In the case of the Union Commission or a Joint Commission, the President and, in the case of a State Commission, the Governor of the State may by regulations 
Provided that nothing in this clause shall apply to the Proclamation issued under clause (1) on the 11th day of May, 1987 with respect to the State of Punjab.
64. Institutions for scientific or technical education financed by the Government of India wholly or in part and declared by Parliament by law to be institutions of national importance.
(c) the aggregate participation or investment in the fund, directly or indirectly, by persons resident in India does not exceed five per cent of the corpus of the fund;
(a) a person shall be deemed to be of Indian origin if he, or either of his parents or any of his grandparents, was born in undivided India ;
(a) subtracting the proceeds of the sale (so far as they consist of capital sums) from the amount of the cost of acquisition of the rights remaining unallowed; and
(iii) is for the time being approved by the prescribed authority81 at any time after the 31st day of March, 2000 but before the 1st day of April, 2007;
(c) "floor area ratio" means the quotient obtained by dividing the total covered area of plinth area on all the floors by the area of the plot of land;
(b) "scheduled bank" shall have the same meaning as assigned to it in clause (e) of section 2 of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 (2 of 1934);
(3) Every such sale shall be held, as far as may be, in accordance with the procedure prescribed for the sale of movable property in execution of a decree
But as soon as the decree is drawn, the judgment shall cease to have the effect of a decree for the purposes of execution or for any other purpose.
(b) in Hindi or English where the language of such record is other than Hindi or English, shall also be sent together with the record sent under that sub-section.
The Court of the Judicial Magistrate of the first class or the Metropolitan Magistrate may also take suo motu cognizance on the basis of any reliable report or information.
7. It needs to be mentioned that there is no dispute that the deceased persons died at the spot at the time, place as indicated in the prosecution story.
Accordingly, electric bill for August, 2001 was issued charging the rate applicable to commercial tariff and also on the basis of connected load taken to be as 13 KW.
It is further stated that the signatures of Haji Imam Bux on the said agreement is not the signature of Haji Imam Bux and the same are forged signature.
On reaching Hazaribagh at 1.30 a.m. in the night, the prosecution party went to the place of occurrence where they found dead body of Yogita lying on a bed.
11 . from the statement of the prosecution witnesses it is clear that they are inconsistent with regard to the period of marriage and the demand of dowry etc .
hence , the appellants cannot get the benefit of professional experience as computed by clause ( c ) aforesaid clause ( c ) of Rule 3 of the Rules .
therefore , in my opinion , it is not worthy of confidence that there can be a difference of 24 years in the age of the husband and wife .
it is the act of the Court to decide the nature of injuries caused with the actual weapon used , the nature of the weapon used and the intention .
the appellants are purchased in the year 1956 and this purchase is not a sale made out of the liquidated debtor but is a purchase in the auction sale .
 " the words " " occurring in Section 11 ( 1 ) ( c ) of the Act " " meticulously and harmoniously " are meticulously and explained . 
as a matter of fact , the cults of the great deities of the Mutt were dedicated to the presiding deities and to the worshippers of the Vaishnava sect .
ATAL BIHARI VAJPAYEE : selected SPEECHES Mahanta served as his successor in the midst of his chambers and did not play in the choice or nomination of the people .
in the course of investigation , the duty of the police is to find out the real culprits in relation to a cognizable offence and bring it under law .
34- Now , I wish to decide the present case in the light of the principles settled by the Hon'ble Supreme Court in the judgments cited supra .
it is full of defects which appears to have been inspired and instigated by Satya Narayan Yadav who has enmity with Sajjan Yadav , the father of the appellant .
the daughter of Bachi Singh , that is , the plaintiff would get an interest in the separate property of his father and not in the coparcenary joint property .
it is a settled principle of law that if the amendment is allowed , it shall subsequently go back and relate to the date of filing of the suit .
in the Scheme of Rule 12 ( 3 ) , the entry certificate of the concerned child ( or equivalent ) is the most option of the highest rank .
here in the present case admittedly the sale deed is a registered sale deed executed by the defendant's predecessor , recognised shareholder Sheikh Arzu in favour of Sharuuddin .
hence , after the death of Achhi Devi , Kashi Nath Mahat , the nearest high - caste person of the nostrils , came to pass to the court .
33- The materials available on record and also the depositions of the parties , prima facie , point to a relationship in the nature of marriage between the parties .
3- The particulars of the assets and their value , which shall fall in the hands of the applicant , are set out in Schedule A of the application .
of which besides Ext . D , Ext . 5 / 1 and Ext . 2 / 1 are noted under Section 294 of the Code of Criminal Procedure .
the law is that it is the duty and obligation of the courts to deal with cases or otherwise it would amount to being a party to the strike .
on such an assessment , it appears that the Act of the State has been entered into an area covered by the Central Government , it will be unconstitutional .
it need not detain us with a note of fact that proceedings under Article 226 of the Constitution are not conducted by the Code of Civil Procedure , 1908 .
Section 141 of the Code of Civil Procedure excludes the application of the provisions contained in the Code of Civil Procedure on proceedings under Article 226 of the Constitution .
in the earlier order , the High Court has only conducted the trial with regard to the substitution of the heirs of the appellant No. 4 , Palit Choudhary .
Hon'ble Jayanandan Singh , J.Sheikh Izuatullah vs. State of Bihar and Ors . : W.JJC No. 3466 of 2003 . decided on 15th May , 2014 .
according to the appellants , at the time of the accident , the vehicle was insured by the United India Insurance Company Limited ( respondent no . 1 ) .
there is a vital difference between the role and status of the Public Prosecutor ( including Additional Public Prosecutor and Special Public Prosecutor ) and the Assistant Public Prosecutor .
in the earlier suit , a categorical finding has been recorded that in the partition of Sunderlal Thakur , he was in possession of the property allotted to him .
Hon'ble Ashutosh Kumar , J. Hon'ble Shri Ramesh Kumar Das vs. State of Bihar Criminal plans No. 45126 of 2011 . decided on 15th December , 2014 .
in the course of the quarrel , it was followed by Ramanuja Singh who had fired with a gun shot , which was on the chest of Yogendra Singh .
thus , we find that as a result of the investigation , the filing of the charge sheet and the consequential trial of the appellants does not inspire confidence .
both the courts below have , after cross-examination of the oral as well as documentary evidence , concluded that the preponderance of probabilities is in favour of the plaintiffs .
he was also hungry and due to this he had gone to a shop on the banks of both the railway station where he had taken tea and biscuits .
I am of the view that in the absence of accused persons , there is no impediment to the trial court to continue the trial in the present case .
he has also cited a judgment of Division Bench in the case of Mohd . Shamsuddin and Ors. vs. State of Bihar and Ors . : 1983 PLJR 347 .
even the cases relied upon by them in view of the law laid down in the Full Bench judgment do not appear to be laying down of correct law .
therefore , the abandonment of the groom by the members of the prosecution in a haphazard manner at the door of Shankar Rai appears to be an irrelevant one .
( viii ) Whether on the basis of the said Hukudama , the defendants 1st group and third group had ever been in possession of the land in dispute ?
advocate , N . J . p . is attracted to maharh @ sanadis , Aumicarus indicus or Appliances ; Mr . Azarif Mazzy Mismsche , F or RRB .
thus , while laying down the criteria , the State was required to give effect to the basic principles enunciated in the constitutional scheme as interpreted to Indra Sawhney -
the impugned conviction of the accused appellant Mahendra Massier and the sentences passed against him by the judgment under appeal and the order under appeal are hereby set aside .
the petitioner was able to deposit in the name of installments at Rs . 49 , 000 / - followed by a sum of Rs . 20 , 000 .
this resolution of the State Government was also taken with the concurrence of Department of Personnel and Administrative Reforms , and Department of Finance , Government of the State .
the auditor is in no way superior authority than the Finance Officer of the University or the Registrar of the University or the Vice - Chancellor of the University .
in the event of there being no legal validity of the guidelines or the Rules , the aggrieved person can challenge any particular law as being violative of it .
in our opinion , the minimum gross figures can be reduced to 50 per cent and the minimum marks in each subject to a minimum of 40 per cent .
1 . Ahasuddin Ainullah , J. Heard Mr. Deenu Kumar , learned counsel for the petitioner and Mr. Lalitat Kishore , learned Additional Advocate General for the State .
therefore , in view of the decision of the Division Bench , I do not find any reason to interfere with the final decree passed by the lower court .
in that sense , its independence of classification will be regulated by the standards developed by itself and there should be demonstrable justification to make departure from it . 
hence , there is no provision of any appeal against any other interlocutory orders passed by the Special Court or the Special Court , as the case may be .
28- The necessary orders shall be made by the senior Superintendent of Police , Patna within a period of three weeks from the date of receipt of this order .
according to convenience , consent was formed on the purchase of land either in the name of the plaintiff or in the name of his associates in the shares .
16 . however , the most important aspect of the matter relating to identification is the report of the Forensic Science Laboratory and the evidence of the Investigating Officer .
( 6 ) The High Court or the District Judge , as the case may be , shall prepare a list of Commissioners for recording evidence under this rule .
a bare reading of these provisions shows that the provisions of the Code of Civil Procedure , 1908 shall be applicable in all the appeals filed under Section 39 .
the first criteria to be taken into consideration is the market value of the land on the date of publication of the notification under Section 4 ( 1 ) .
under no circumstances , the court has not to allow compensation on the basis of the nature of the land and even of the trees which have bearing fruit .
in such circumstances , we are inclined to convict the appellant under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code , Section 304 Part I of the Indian Penal Code .
he has to defend himself in the conduct of his business , in his own acts and in the performance of his duties , who act on his behalf .
8- One small village of about 150 - 170 households situated at a distance of a few kilometres from Bhagalpur district town is the site of the Lodai incident .
on the contrary , there is reason to be shown that the witnesses have reason to conceal the actual culprit and rope in it to implicate the untruthful accused .
for the purpose of maintainability of a petition under Section 140 of the Act , a joint petition purported to be under Section 166 of the Act is necessary .
he stated that in fact , the prosecution had a land dispute with the appellant Bijay Mondal , on account of which it has been given a false measure .
(( 93 , 600 / - ( - ) 93 , 600 / - one third of Rs . 9,600 / - ) ) (x 14 ) .
13- Learned counsel for the appellant during the course of the argument was extremely conscious and on account of that , he had confined his submission to two aspects .
43- In the context of above , the hearings of the Supreme Court in the case of Godavat Spices ( supra ) have also been found to be relevant .
39 . the instant case , therefore , is squarely covered by the expression to take away as defined by Section 362 of the Indian Penal Code .
from a perusal of the order , it appears that admittedly , the applicants of the miscellaneous case were minor on the day of filing of the Settlement Application .
besides , the activity of the Supreme Court has also been proved , who had caught the hand of Rama Ugen in the course of his facilitating the crime .
Niranjan Prasad @ Sanjay Prasad Vs . State of Bihar and Anr . , a Criminal Regulation No. 22171 of 2014 . decided on 21 st July , 2017 .
this is certainly a matter of appointment to the clerical cadre of the bank , keeping in mind the fact that a job is available in the ordinary course .
the basic sign of status is its attachment to a legal relationship of rights and obligations imposed by public law and not merely by the consent of the parties .
hence , reliance of the petitioner on the said decision of this Court will not serve any useful purpose in relation to the issue involved in the present case .
the application of the provisions of the Code of Criminal Procedure is , therefore , limited to the Family Court only in proceedings under Chapter IX of that Code .
Hon'ble Chakradhari Sharan Singh , J. Ravi Kumar vs. State of Bihar (Criminal Rev alignment No. 557 of 2016 ) . decided on 7th February , 2017 .
the petitioner no . 1 M / s Sri Raghawendra is a Customs Officer and petitioner no . 2 is the commission agent of the petitioner no . 1 .
Hon'ble Abuddin Amanullah , J. Hon'ble Manoj Kumar vs. State of Bihar and Ors . CWJC No. 3179 of 2017 . decided on 4th April , 2017 .
21. Piracies and crimes committed on the high seas or in the air; offences against the law of nations committed on land or the high seas or in the air.
73. Salaries and allowances of members of Parliament, the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the Council of States and the Speaker and Deputy Speaker of the House of the People.
91. Rates of stamp duty in respect of bills of exchange, cheques, promissory notes, bills of lading, letters of credit, policies of insurance, transfer of shares, debentures, proxies and receipts.
(b) in clause (a) of paragraph 1, the words or the Legislative Assembly or, as the case may be, either House of the Legislature of a State shall be omitted;
(i) any assets held by the research association where such assets form part of the corpus of the fund of the association as on the 1st day of June, 1973;
Provided that the percentage of equity share holding of the fund shall be computed with reference to the annual average of the monthly averages of the opening and closing figures;
(i) the storage and sale by the foreign company is pursuant to an agreement or an arrangement entered into by the Central Government or approved by the Central Government; and
(a) no deduction shall be admissible under this section to the amalgamating or the demerged company for the previous year in which the amalgamation or the demerger takes place; and
(i) any assets held by the trust or institution where such assets form part of the corpus of the trust or institution as on the 1st day of June, 1973;
(c) "Indian Institute of Technology" shall have the same meaning as that of "Institute" in clause (g) of section 3 of the Institutes of Technology Act, 1961 (59 of 1961);
36. (1) The deductions provided for in the following clauses shall be allowed in respect of the matters dealt with therein, in computing the income referred to in section 28 
(i) the loan has been sanctioned by the financial institution during the period beginning on the 1st day of April, 2016 and ending on the 31st day of March, 2017;
(i) the business of the hotel has started or starts functioning after the 31st day of December, 1970 but before the 1st day of April, 1990, in any backward area;
(b) the rate of drawback credit attributable to the customs duty was higher than the rate of credit allowable under the Duty Free Replenishment Certificate, being the Duty Remission Scheme.
(a) no deduction shall be admissible under this section to the amalgamating or the demerged company for the previous year in which the amalgamation or the demerger takes place; and
(ii) not less than eighty per cent of such floor area ratio where such project is located in any place other than the place referred to in sub-clause (i); and
(viii) "Software Technology Park" means any park set up in accordance with the Software Technology Park Scheme notified by the Government of India in the Ministry of Commerce and Industry;
An erroneous opinion as to the value of the thing which forms the subject-matter of the agreement, is not to be deemed a mistake as to a matter of fact.
7. If the petitioner is aggrieved by his wrong fixation, he is at liberty to bring the same to the notice of the concerned authorities by way of filing representation.
Hon'ble D. N. PATEL, J. Basic Fuels Pvt. Ltd. Versus Bihar State Credit & Investment Corporation Ltd. & Ors. W.P. (C) No. 1717 of 2011. Decided on 3rd May, 2011.
He was accompanied by his Counsel at the time of filing his election petition and that the petitioner had himself presented the petition to the authorized officer of this Court.
I further find from the documents which are exhibited by the defence specially Exhibit B which shows that the land in dispute is recorded in the name of Bihari Mahato.
Last but not the least, the submission of the petitioner is that the punishment awarded is disproportionate to the act of delinquency and, therefore, it is liable to be reduced.
even in the said title suit , both Bhagwan Singh and Surendra Singh had deposed in favour of Shambhu Nath Singh , son - in - law of the deceased .
it is the case of the plaintiff that considering the requirement of the defendant , they had rented a house for rent of Rs . 250 / - per month .
according to the defendant , the parties were descended from a common ancestor Govind Singh , who had three sons , Mahavir Singh , Ram Sewak Singh and Bahadur Singh .
the name of Bahadur Singh , ancestor of the plaintiff , is present and the defendant's acceptance is that the plaintiff is a descendant descended from Bahadur Singh .
from the evidence of this witness , it appears that at the time of the incident , he was at a distance of ten cubits from the procession of Muharram .
it is apparent that there has been some delay due to some confusion in the communication on the part of the investigating agency , which is a monitoring investigation Bureau .
in his opinion , death was caused due to ante mortem injury caused by firearms , in respect of which the death was caused as a result of brain injury .
the case of the plaintiff , in brief , is that the suit property was disposed of by the erstwhile land owner in favour of the father of the plaintiff .
in my opinion , in these circumstances , the decision of the Supreme Court , namely , AIR 1957 SC 133 , is fully applicable in the case at hand .
however , the position would be different where there is no dispute or there is a consensus amongst the parties making the contract with regard to the breach of conditions .
there is not even a whisper of apology or explanation in the counter affidavit as to why the Board officials did not consider it necessary to proceed with the representation .
it is only PW-1 who has come up to support the prosecution case , who is not a nominated witness in the FIR , who is also a stark one .
Hon'ble Mhir Kumar Jha , J. in Biresh Prasad Vs . State of Bihar and others , CWJC No. 8654 of 2008 . decided on 19th March , 2012 .
therefore , with the cumulative effect of the discrepancies and inrmities on record , the findings recorded by the trial court cannot be said to be supportive of the matter .
the object of raising a further reasoning on the praiseworthy principle mentioned in Section 52 of the Transfer of Property Act is based on the exclusion of such a transferor .
hence , even in the presence of some contradictions in the deposition of the prosecution witnesses , the aforesaid contradictions do not go to the root of the prosecution case .
in particular , in the event , when there was a land dispute between the parties and the above appellants did not do anything at the time of the incident .
in my view , the residential requirement seen in the advertisement is the actual residential accommodation of the applicant in the concerned district and is not a legally owned residence .
the Registrar General of this Court , on failure , shall take action by way of any of the routes provided in section 421 of the Code of Criminal Procedure .
3- According to the case of the plaintiffs , Ramji Dubey used to be the common ancestor of the joint family from which the plaintiffs and the defendants were concerned .
advocate . - Mr . workmen , applies to any number of applications ; M / s / SDA operating Dyes , Dheermm , Turanincorporated , openet amm , etc .
the plaintiff is running his business at the most appropriate and convenient place , which is a large shop located in the main site of the embroidery of Sujganj market .
why would the wife and son of the deceased , who were present at the time of the incident , try to implicate the innocent rather than the real culprits .
therefore , it would not be proper to look at the evidence in doubt but the correct attitude has to be appreciated for the reasons on which it is based .
the incident occurred on 19 . 10 . 1986 at about 10 to 11 : 00 a . m . , that is to say , the day is grueling .
Hon'ble Kishore Kumar Mandal , J. Hon'ble Renu Devi vs. State of Bihar and others , CWJC No. 2099 of 2013 . decided on 15th April , 2014 .
according to the plaint , defendant No. 2 is the only creditor of the name of defendant No. 1 , who was a temporary purchaser under the conditional sale deed .
it is unfortunate that competition in the matter of elections for the post of a village chief and serious crimes such as those of the State should not be punished .
the incident place is the verandah of the informant and door , which is in the northern side of village , Dharampur , Bhathpur , P.S. Puusa , District Samastipur .
9 . admittedly , in the instant case , the partition proceedings were going on before the institution of the suit and it is an admitted case of the parties .
it is not the case of the appellant that the findings of the courts below are contrary to the evidence available on record or are without any evidence on record .
it would be better for him to necessitate documentary identification by the government or semi - government authorities and to make a brief description of it in the order sheet .
after the discussion , the motion will be voting on the same day , which will be conducted by the District Magistrate in the prescribed manner by secret ballot . 
at the relevant time , the share of the marketing secretary and the Assistant Director was in the cadre of the second category and were of the same pay scale .
she was married to the second wife three sons , viz . , Moinuddin , Faziluddin , Badruddin , Badruddin and three daughters , the Femas , Asul and Moista .
the aforesaid conduct probabilises the version of the defence and on account of that , the conviction and sentence recorded by the learned trial court deserves to be set aside .
on the other hand , the totality of the effect generated by the candidate on the interview body can give a more accurate picture of the candidate's personality .
(87 ) . coming to the merits and demerits of this appeal , Mr. Giri has , on two grounds , assailed the order of the learned Single Judge .
Hon'ble Mhir Kumar Jha , J. : Manju Kumari vs. State of Bihar and Ors . , CWJC No. 3199 of 2012 . decided on 16th May , 2014 .
in our opinion , it is only the duty of the State Government and the State Government to appoint the authority for the purpose of Section 44 of the Act .
the most important question , therefore , is that John BX's property , i . e . her four annas will go to Khyat or to Jamal Hussain .
thereafter , the petitioner had contested the election of Head of the Village Panchayat , Bagheli in the year 2006 , which was reserved for a highly backward female candidate .
2- The petitioners M / s Sh . Ram Fulds and Fertilizers Industries , New Delhi , Sekadpur , Muzaffarpur are the godown manager and the clerk respectively of Muzaffarpur .
the location of the acquired land has not been taken into consideration , which is very close to the Sasaram - Chuh Road and is within the Sasaram Municipal area .
due to the fact that there has been a violation of the mandatory clause of the law , therefore , it is justified to convict the appellant at that point .
this may appear to be some of the more attractive if one takes into account the general concept of reservation in favour of the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes .
( see para 23 of the judgment ) , therefore , it is necessary for the State to point out the period for which the reservation shall remain in force .
in such view of the matter the right way of choosing the multiplier is the age of the deceased as there would be certainty regarding the age of the deceased .
in the submission of the petitioners , the State Government , after the commencement of the recruitment process , had altered the principle of adverse selection to the writ petitioners .
at the time of occurrence , the informator along with his brother deceased Shailendra Singh was engaged in plantation of paddy in the outer area of the village at Noampri .
advocate . - Mr . N . ain Karnataka State , Form - 11 , P and 62 ; Mr . K . s . a , Financial and gt ;
the information of the meetings of the accused-Satyanarayana is adjoining to the west of the informant and further there is open ground and there was a dispute for the same .
it was stated that the Bihar Public Works Department , which handled the work load , has been amended in the Code of Bihar and the relevant Rules of 2005 .
according to the petitioners , all these powers are derived from the provisions of Section 15 and Rule of the Act along with the guidelines issued by the Central Government .
this amount will be recovered by the head from the wages of the appellants , and will be used for the purpose of improving the facilities in the affiliated schools .
in the appeal filed before him , the Chancellor had taken the view that the Vice-Chancellor should have been discussed in the context of the arguments presented by the appellant .
according to the only respondent , the lands are the valuable lands and are situated between the bequest of the city and also near the market place on Roza Road .
31 . that too , in law , is not difficult to comprehend the consequences of the compliance of any mandatory requirement stipulated in a higher law like the Constitution .
the learned single Judge was , therefore , right in holding that the charge would be in accordance with the domestic duty and not in accordance with the commercial charges .
for them there will be a difference in the date but the profit will be as much as they have been given who has passed through the first attempt . 
the Court concerned could , on the one hand , appreciate the merits and demerits of the final report and on the other , take a decision in this behalf .
the practical course has to be set aside both orders which are apparently illegal and then it has to be ensured that the decision is made in accordance with law .
without going into unnecessary details , it may be said that the first legislative measure in India was the enactment of the Advocates' Council of India Act , 1926 .
it will be kept in mind that if an inquiry has been initiated by the District Magistrate , a report of the result will be sent to him for information .
9- The Hon'ble Supreme Court in the Supreme Court of India , 2014 ( 2 ) SCC 788 , in paras 30 and 31 has held as under :
the more frequent and far - reaching means of transgressing the privacy will make it possible to hear it on the road , which in near proximity has been whispered .
it is evident from the observation that the first information in this case is the evidence of the involvement of the murder case against the accused / appellant Veena Devi .
the actual proof of harassment is to be the proof of harassment , the mere mental harassment of the concerned authorities is not intended to be incorporated in the section .
as regards the witness being the sister of Barhiya's wife , the evidence of this witness is not in accordance with Section 50 / 60 of the Evidence Act .
the occupant himself had gone to the spot and found that the disputed house is in the possession of the appellant , in which he is running a grocery shop .
in fact , she used to sit on the table where , with the consent of the petitioner , the counsel used to sit and preside over the union members .
if the pleadings , arguments and even word 'evidence' are translationthen it has to be kept out of the ambit of cross-examination otherwise the consequences would be inconceivable .
Hon'ble Mhir Kumar Jha , J. Ram Dhar Ram vs. State of Bihar and Ors . , CWJJC No. 19302 of 2014 . decided on 26th November , 2015 .
3- In the suspension period , the headquarters of Shri Ram will be the Office of the Regional Chief Engineer , Department of Public Health Engineering , set-off / Fumpur .
Hon'ble Virendra Prasad Verma , J. Hon'ble Sitaram Singh vs. State of Bihar and others , CWJC No. 3279 of 2011 . decided on 9th February , 2016 .
Hon'ble Noble Prasad Singh and Neeloo Agarwal , JJ . Roshan Kumar Thakur @ Roshan Thakur ( in 34 ) , W . Sankati ( in 36 ) .
as required are satisfied . such District Magistrate or Commissioner of Police , if the Deputy Section ( 1 ) is the power conferred on him by the said sub-section .
it is unfortunate that such apparent abuse of the process of the court has not come to the notice of both the learned Judicial Magistrate as well as the police .
9- Having heard the arguments of all the parties , I have also gone through the record and the judgments and the provisions referred to on behalf of the parties .
but , in my opinion , the argument put up by the learned counsel for the State as well as the private respondent is hit by bad and statutory provisions .
in terms of entry 52 of the COPA and the Union List , the area covered by the declaration therein is not the same as covered by the Food Act .
where , on certain grounds , the competent authority has been given power to remove the general or the Speaker , as the case may be , at certain points .
he had reached the place of occurrence on hearing the cries of the victim and in the light of torch , the accused was seen fleeing from a astute curkar .
decided on 20th December , 2016 , His Excellency Ahinuddin Ainullah , J. Lalita Kumari vs. State of Bihar and Ors . ( JJIC No. 16753 of 2016 ) .
the relevant provisions , in clear terms , require that the reasons / charges of the no - confidence motion shall be clearly mentioned in the notice of the meeting .
all the witnesses are residents of the place nearest to the place of incident and their presence at the place of occurrence and it appears natural to have reached immediately .
Hon'ble Abubuddin Amanullah , J. , Ben Singh Vs . State of Bihar and Ors . CWJC No. 9400 of 2016 . decided on 13th February , 2017 .
Hon'ble Jyoti Saran , J. Niraz Kumari vs. State of Bihar and Ors . , reported in CWJC No. 8298 of 2016 . decided on 14th February , 2017 .
advocate - Mr . N . ab Ahatd , yard village , P - 11 ; M / s . Kr . , Ziorr , Zioridorr , FO / Roner .
10. [(1) There shall be paid to the Judges of High Courts, in respect of time spent on actual service, salary at the following rates per mensem, that is to say, 
(b) The persons to be so associated from the State shall be nominated by the Speaker of the House of the People having due regard to the composition of the House.
(26AAB) any income of an agricultural produce market committee or board constituted under any law for the time being in force for the purpose of regulating the marketing of agricultural produce;
(viii) the contribution made by the Central Government or any other employer in the previous year, to the account of an employee under a pension scheme referred to in section 80CCD;
(ii) the arm's length price as defined in clause (ii) of section 92F, where the transfer of such goods or services is a specified domestic transaction referred to in section 92BA.
(ii) the eligible business is not formed by the transfer to a new business of a building previously used as a hotel or a convention centre, as the case may be;
Provided further that in the first year of a new business, emoluments paid or payable to employees employed during that previous year shall be deemed to be the additional employee cost;
(1) Where the property to be attached is a decree, either for the payment of money or for sale in enforcement of a mortgage or charge, the attachment shall be made,
Therefore, it is only proper to think that the plenary powers of the High Court would include the power of review relating to errors apparent on the face of the record.
3. The prosecution story in short was that the skeleton of the son of the informant namely, Suraj Munda was found near the well of the village which was under construction.
Upon such assurance and on presentation of cheque referred to above the complainant delivered a sum of Rs. 4 lakhs in cash to the accusedpetitioner and kept the cheque with him.
13- The Registry shall forthwith send copies of this order to the respondent Nos. 1 and 2 , the State Government and the Inspector General , Registration , Bihar , Patna .
Hon'ble Aditya Kumar Trivedi , J. Hon'ble Shahilesh Kumar vs. State of Bihar Cri . rev . no . 1175 of 2012 . decided on 1st November , 2013 .
thus , it cannot be said that the identity of the accused persons except Krishna and Bhola had been identified by the prosecution witnesses for the first time in the Court .
the sentence of death and imprisonment for life does not correspond to the totality of the crime and it does not fall within the ambit of the rarest of rare cases .
according to the learned counsel , Ex . -A is a piece of sale deed by which the father of the appellant has purchased a piece of land measuring 79 decimals .
the property adjacent to the sale deeds had been sold at Rs . 460 per Kathlog while the Pleader Commissioner has valued the suit land at Rs . 360 per Bigha .
the first part is with regard to the taking of deceased Ram Prit Singh by Jagan Sahani , while the other is with regard to the murder of Ram Prit Singh .
the size of the rooms was 9 " x11 " whereas the room which was in the possession of the petitioner in the old structure was 17 " x 16 " .
( I ) Whether the educational qualification of the post graduate in general operation acquired by the petitioner can be treated as dilatory of his knowledge and beneficial to the State ?
from the facts and circumstances stated above and the law laid down by the Supreme Court , it is clear that the document in question is a will and nothing else .
during the period of above appointment , the services of the Public Prosecutor / Additional Public Prosecutors appointed from the Bihar Prosecution services will be under the Department of Law . 
in the meanwhile , record relating to suspension of the licence within a fortnight from the date of suspension of the licence should be sent to the District Level Selection Committee .
( VI ) The person sought to be made liable should be incharge of , and responsible for , the conduct of the business of the company at the relevant time .
in all such cases , the usual plea is of a career of innocent students , who have been caught in the trap of the perilous post of school authorities named .
there are such clear comments in the Service Book that the Senior Auditors have even veried the increments and payables to be provided for the fixation and promotion of the salary .
( I ) Whether the sale is without jurisdiction and not without injunction in contravention of the provisions of Section 49 ( M ) of the B . t . Act ?
it would be appropriate to mention the reasons given by the Third Additional Sessions Judge , Sewharhi to acquit the husband and father - in - law of the deceased woman .
thus , in the presence of the aforesaid oral and documentary evidence , we do not find any inconsistency in the case of prosecution with regard to the place of occurrence .
the services of the petitioners were covered under Section 2 of the Bihar Education Service Group and it was run by the Bihar Service Code and not by the University Statute .
after the final decree , a execution case had come up which had raised the execution case no . 8 of 1980 , at the request of the plaintiff Shankar Ahir .
in the instant case , the charges have not been framed as the petitioner was not given the cause notice , then the attempt of the necessary enquiry would be futile .
thus , while disputing the title of the plaintiff on the suit land , the defendant made such a submission that in fact , he had title over the suit land .
5- Learned counsel for the State , on the other hand , submitted that the manner of investigation cannot be in accordance with the suggestion of the counsel for the case .
7- In view of the aforesaid party to the University , it would first be necessary to inquire into the power vested in the Vice-Chancellor under Section 10 of the Act .
4- It is relevant to mention here that during the trial , the prosecution , in addition to the list of exhibits , examined as many as nine witnesses in all .
32- However , it will be open to the petitioner to raise the question of validity of the admission order , in the course of trial , at a proper stage .
it is obligatory on the part of the prosecution to show that there was cruelty or torture immediately before the occurrence and , in that event , the presumption is effective .
the further plea of the plaintiff is that for the first time , it was known to him in the year 1972 after getting the copy of the sale deed registered .
when the evidence is available and in all the cases , the matter should not be remitted to the trial court on the basis of which evidence and plea are available .
in its support , reliance has been placed on the decision of the Supreme Court in AIR 1962 SC 361 ( Ram Lal and Ors. vs. Riwa Kolfacilities Ltd . ) .
above is expressed in sub Rule ( 3 ) of Rule 12 of the said Rule ( 1 ) to hold that exact age is to be held to be mandatory .
the genealogy filed in the mutation proceedings is so wide that the daughter of the three daughters of the brothers Mahato and also of the daughter of the bribery is mentioned .
3- It is further the case of the plaintiff that the defendant 1st party was the tenant of the month rate to the 2nd party in respect of the suit accommodation .
it is also a well established principle of law that the court , for the first time , has to reasonably identify the extent of the premises required by the landlord .
it is unfortunate that competition in the matter of elections for the post of leader of the village and serious crimes such as those of the State should not be punished .
it has been stated in the claim petition as well as in the affidavit as well as in the cross examination that he is late Jamun , the wife of plain .
consequent to the reorganization of Bihar , there were only 531 posts of Panchayat Sewak in the State of Bihar , of which 12 were in the share of Katihar district .
the appointments were to be made in accordance with the Bihar State Primary Teachers ( Employment and Conditions of Service ) Rules , 2006 ( for short 'Rules') .
he was found in the house's balcony , the son of the informant , Ranga Raj , lying in a pool of blood and was lying in a loin .
in the course of the search , he had entered the house of the accused from the back door as the lock was made at the main door of the house .
in support of the same , the private respondents attached a notice signed in acknowledgement by both the appellants on the abandoned R4 and R4 / 1 in their counter affidavit .
admittedly , the dead bodies of the aforesaid two victims were not recovered , as a result of which , the bodies of the aforesaid victims were not post mortem examination .
the Rules of 2006 , particularly , were discussed in the above referred case of Smt . Renu Kumari Pandey , which was the ambit and scope of Rule 20 thereof .
13 . in the event of any violation of the provisions set out in this Resolution , the State Government shall not be bound to make grants to Panchayat Educational friends .
Hon'ble Dr. Ravi Ranjan , J. Hon'ble Shanti Devi vs. State of Bihar and Ors . , CWJC No. 14904 of 2012 . decided on 26th March , 2014 .
it is the specific plea of the petitioner that for the said second reason , he was not served with a copy of the enquiry report along with the query notice .
the occurrence place is the clearing house of the official quarter of the Advocate Dom , son of Lakshmi Dom , and the area to the north side of her house .
in the aforesaid background , there is no clinching point of the existence or absence of blood at the place of occurrence on account of non-challenge to the place of occurrence .
he was shown the place of occurrence and he had found that there were some marks of blood which were found on the surface of the door of one Virendra Singh .
the judgment of the appellate court is at Ex . 3 while the judgement of the trial court in title suit No. 166 of 1966 is Ex . 3 / a .
as is evident from the report of the process communication submitted at Appendix C , the course to send the requisition was adopted by the Executive Officer from the Speed Post .
Chapter X - B , inserted in the Constitution under the 97 th Amendment , intends to ensure the management of co - operative societies and the autonomy of democratic functioning .
Hon'ble Virendra Prasad Verma , J. Hon'ble Sudhir Kumar Singh vs. State of Bihar and others , CWJC No. 2589 of 2014 . decided on 9th October , 2014 .
5- It is further the case of these defendants that the properties mentioned in Schedule A ( 1 ) of the plaint are not the property of the ancestral joint family .
further , it was the statement of the investigating officer that on the interview of the victim , Yogendra came along with torch and the clothes of the accused were seized .
the informant had gone to the bank of the river on Tuesday but his brother Arun Goswami and Kailash alias Kela Yadav did not come to the bank of the river .
the informant and his sons had got the 11 Deisila of Hari Darshan Singh's land , which was , on the whole , about 2 bighas , 8 kattha .
admittedly , in this case , a case has been made out by the plaintiff in the plaint but there is no such cogent evidence in support of the said fact .
further , the public in the general public continue to say as such and the reason for the same should not be the rejection of the evidence of the prosecution witnesses .
the facts relating thereto are in dispute as to whether the said land , which is in response to the plot of land of the respondent , is a public road .
this is also to be done by the disciplinary authority and is to be done without hearing the concerned Government servant , because of the deterrent effect of the second proviso .
the only case set up by the Defendants is in the nature of the Israara deed and subsequently a consideration of Rs . 140 / - was given to the purchaser .
7- In the light of the statements recorded under Section 313 of the Code of Criminal Procedure , the case of the accused persons was for total denial of the incident .
it is submitted that after caught hold of the truck , the recovery was made from him and the appellants are admittedly the driver and the mine of the said truck .
Hon'ble L. Narsimha Reddy , Chief Justice Lal Babu Sav State of Bihar vs. State of Criminal blocks no . 4105 of 2012 . decided on 23rd April , 2015 .
the criminal court had not come to the conclusion that the confession was not made , or it was a forgery , or the same was not written by the accused .
more or less , it would be appropriate to refer to the judgment of the Allahabad High Court in the difference , viz . , at Prayag Das ( supra ) .
he has submitted that from the perusal of the allegations made in the FIR , it will be apparent that the accused persons had used the language of non violence .
11 . from the perusal of the impugned judgment , particularly , para 17 , it is apparent that the learned tribunal is under confusion regarding the age of the deceased .
19 . making a reference to the aforesaid Section 19 ( 1 ) and notification of the Act shall show that the notification does not merely prohibit the keeping of alcohol .
it is also the duty of the Court to nd out the true intention of the legislature and ascertain the purpose of the statute and to give it a full meaning .
Hon'ble Rakesh Kumar , J. in Anita Kumari vs. State of Bihar and Ors . , reported in CWJC No. 4257 of 2011 . decided on 20th October , 2016 .
31 . in the terms of the above observations and directions , this application for bail is disposed of with Hon'ble V. Nath , J. Hon'ble V. pm Pushpa .
Singh , Justice M / s . industrial Health Species Private Limited Versus State of Bihar and Ors . WJJC No. 10349 of 2002 . decided on 8th September , 2015 .
they had also found that the wife of Bhola , Bhola , Bhola , Shyam Sunder , Mahavira and Mahavira wife of Mahavira both had committed murder .
the announcement of Girija Kanwar , that he is the widow of the late Vindhyavasini Singh , and that he has also shown his permanent home to the village of Kodan .
the interaction of the above statutory provisions and the underlying legislative intention shall be of great importance in the evaluation of the materials available on record and recording the final conclusions .
the petitioner came to know about the forged agreement for the first time when he had received certified copy of the complaint petition filed by the complainant in the complaint petition ;
13- From a perusal of Section 23 of the Contract Act , it is clear that every claim that is without law , the object or consideration of which is against .
hence , the entire process relating to the seizure and analysis of the drugs in question has been carried out in such a manner which is not designed in law . 
Sunil returned with a sword in his left hand with a sword and a sword in his right hand and gave him a sword blow on the cheek of his country .
such expenses as aforesaid shall be payable within a period of four weeks which are to be deposited with the Patna High Court at the disposal of the Legal Aid Committee .
the learned Magistrate had also taken cognizance against both the Sections , namely , the Indian Penal Code and the daughter of the accused and the petitioner under the Arms Act .
( I ) One sharp cutting of the size 14 " x % x 4 " on the forehead which penetrated deep to the degree of probospanium on the left eyebrow .
they , being a member of the police department , will miscarry the message of the people at large and lose faith in the people in their confidence in the police .
the complainant District Magistrate - cum - Collector , Katihar , with regard to Money involved by the petitioner Nos. 2 and 3 had gone to the public domain of Katihar .
the Enquiry Officer and the presenter office bearers may be appointed , all relevant documents be made available to the petitioner to which reliance has been placed by the respondent authorities .
in para 24 , he had stated that he had seen the incident from a distance of two and a half - a - and - a - half - lagi .
the order of suspension is also not supportive because it is also in the light of the instructions issued by the higher authority , that is , the District Education Officer .
advocate , M / s AMP / ADN , VISG KG , DIT , Form required representation ; Mr . R . J . and amp ; AG , Financial Institutions .
9. (1) There shall be paid to the Judges of the Supreme Court, in respect of time spent on actual service, salary at the following rates per mensem, that is to say: 
Provided that any such approval shall at any one time have effect for such assessment year or years not exceeding three assessment years as may be specified in the order of approval;
Explanation. For the purposes of this clause, the expression "Controller of Insurance" shall have the meaning assigned to it in clause (5B) of section 2 of the Insurance Act, 1938 (4 of 1938);
(b) the provisions of this section shall, as they would have applied to the amalgamating or the demerged Unit being the company as if the amalgamation or demerger had not taken place.
(d) the whole of the amount paid on account of medical expenditure incurred on the health of any parent of the assessee, as does not exceed in the aggregate 27[thirty] thousand rupees:
(ii) the Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial Fund referred to in the Deed of Declaration of Trust adopted by the National Committee at its meeting held on the 17th day of August, 1964; or
(iv) the amount of donation remaining unutilised on the 31st day of March, 2004 is transferred to the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund on or before the 31st day of March, 2004;
(b) the rate of drawback credit attributable to the customs duty was higher than the rate of credit allowable under the Duty Entitlement Pass Book Scheme, being the Duty Remission Scheme :
It was further held that it was the duty of the Canadian Court to form an independent judgment on the merits of the matter in regard to the welfare of the child.
There are very many other chapters for different subjects but we are concerned with the issue of taking care of illegal constructions in view of the subject matter in the writ petition.
thus , it can be seen that the Chairman of the Madarsa Education Board shall , in the absence of the Board of Education , be the Chairman of the Special Director .
( II ) for the first time , the date of birth , certificate from a school ( other than a sports school ) ; and in the absence of such school .
4- It is the case of the plaintiff that the shopping complex in which the shop in question is situated was obviously of one consequence to Iqbal , varr Ali and Hussain .
Hon'ble Mongeshwar Sahu , J. Lachmi Devi and Ors . vs Raj Kumar Prasad and Ors on Special Appeal No. 3 of 2004 . decided on 17th October , 2012 .
it shall be the responsibility of the Director to ensure due compliance within a period of 2 months from the date of presentation of a copy of this order to the Director .
there was a dispute between the parents and the sons as to which property was the self - acquired property of the father and as to what property was their ancestral property .
Hon'ble Ajay Kumar Tripathi , J. in Mustaq Ahmad and Ors. vs. State of Bihar and Ors . , CWJC No. 12809 of 2005 . decided on 31st January , 2013 .
Hon'ble Dr. Ravi Ranjan , J. Hon'ble Mr. Justice Umesh Sharma vs. State of Bihar and Ors . CWJC No. 15851 of 2012 . decided on 10th January , 2013 .
Hon'ble Shri Mandhata Singh , J. in State of Bihar ( in 9 ) Ganga Prasad ( in 336 ) Versus Bhim Prasad @ Huha and Anr . ( in 8 )
it must necessarily be stated that there cannot be an appreciation of the evidence led by the proposer merely a proposer of the fact and legality of the execution of the Will .
Hon'ble Rajendra Kumar Mishra , J. Hon'ble Pashupati Nath Tiwari vs. State of Bihar and Ors . Criminal Revision No. 495 of 2002 . decided on 8th February , 2013 .
4- In order to appreciate the matter at controversial , it would be necessary to bring to light the brief facts of the case which are fundamental to the issue under consideration .
Hon'ble Hemant Kumar Srivastava , J. Hon'ble Mr. Kaneshwar Bhagat vs. State of Bihar Criminal Appeal ( J ) No. 17 of 2001 . decided on 22D February , 2013 .
so that the Court may be persuaded to retain the sentence or to extend it to imprisonment for the whole of life by augmenting it from the sentence of imprisonment for life .
on the other hand , the defendant's case is that the Math is a Panchayat Math and a Public Trust was dedicated to all the presiding deities in the Sampralapatha .
Hon'ble Ashwani Kumar Singh , J. Hon'ble Valin Mahto vs. State of Bihar and Ors . , Criminal Write No. 309 of 2013 . decided on 29th April , 2013 .
Hon'ble Ashwani Kumar Singh , J. in Surendra Mehto vs. State of Bihar and Ors . , reported in ( 2012 ) 12 SCC , decided on 10th April , 2013 .
( ii ) In the absence of any , the medical opinion shall be received from a duly constituted medical board , which shall declare the age of the juvenile or child .
in the said case , the Hon'ble Supreme Court , while leaving the vehicle to the concerned authority , has also granted the right of a proper bond and guarantee .
( III ) In the absence of any , the medical opinion shall be received from a duly constituted medical board , which shall declare the age of the juvenile or child .
he himself was sleeping at the Bthan of the temple , while his son , Shyam Rai @ Manoranjan Rai , was sleeping on the roof of the temple of Lord Shiva .
she had married her daughter to Jagnnath bin and after two and a half years , she was sent to her father - in - law's house at her bidding .
in the absence of it , it is very difficult to assume that the appellant received injuries during the same sequence of events for which the prosecution was responsible for giving explanation .
this Court had also directed the Commission to act in accordance with the principles laid down by the Hon'ble Supreme Court in the case of Sanjay Singh ( supra ) .
learned counsel relied on the judgment of the Hon'ble Supreme Court on the basis of adverse possession , AIR 1973 SC 2341 , Zegal Kishore Mandal vs. Fazani Bhushan Kundu .
11 . it is not in dispute that the dead body of the deceased Ranga Raj was recovered from the roof of the house which is allegedly belonging to the accused persons .
he recovered the dead body of Rashera from the roof of the house of the accused persons , which was lying in the pool of blood and was lying in a sujis .
Hon'ble Mhir Kumar Jha , J. Ashok Kumar and Ors . Versus State of Bihar and Ors . , CWJJC No. 10337 of 2012 . decided on 14th March , 2014 .
Hon'ble Samarendra Pratap Singh , J. Shailendra Kumar and Ors . Versus State of Bihar and Ors . , CWJC No. 17659 of 2010 . decided on 14th March , 2014 .
further , in the course of inspection of the place of occurrence , he seized some blood stained earth from the spot by preparing the seizure memo ( Ext . 4 ) .
reliance has been placed on a decision of the Division Bench of this Court in the case of Ao Rai vs. Huro Rai and Ors . (AIR 1958 PC 233 ) .
it was in the notification of Section 4 itself that it was defective to state the fact as no approval of the State was obtained for the necessary proceedings at that time .
it is not the case of the prosecution of the appellants that this witness did not visit the house of the deceased at about 10 : 00 pm in the fateful evening .
the Bench also did not take note of the fact of the abolition of the cadre of Panchayat Education Mitra and the substitution of the Scheme by the statutory Rules of 2006 .
in this context , if any adverse accused of the Inspecting Officer is reported , he / she shall be given due consideration before the decision of re-employment by the Gram Panchayat .
the explanation appended to the provisions makes it clear that a criminal trial would be treated as a proceeding between the prosecution and the accused persons within the meaning of the section .
the fourth charge was one of seeking the file from the Despatch branch of the Department of Agriculture relating to his appointment on the basis of forged signature and rendering it missing .
Hon'ble Mhir Kumar Jha , J. Hon'ble Manoj Kumar Thakur vs. State of Bihar and Ors . , W.JC No. 928 of 2014 . decided on 5th July , 2014 .
Hon'ble Ashutosh Kumar , J. Hon'ble Mr. Justice Rajiv Kumar vs. State of Bihar and Ors . Dig.No. 4444942 of 2007 . decided on 17th July , 2014 .
therefore , the oral evidence produced by the plaintiff on this question , that is , the question relating to the year of the death of Sukhdev , is supported by Exh.2 .
9- Having heard the submissions of the parties , I am of the opinion that the contradiction in the statement of the complainant and Pankaj is apparent from the board of record .
this agency is created by a statute and its decisions are required to be taken not only in accordance with the procedure prescribed but also with the leave of the State Government .
on account of this , there is a breach of trust on the part of the accused who were the agents for the purpose of building a house according to the settlement .
according to the learned senior counsel , even in 1969 , there was a joint acquisition in the name of both the parties , which clearly shows that the parties were joint .
in a proper case , in the light of the facts and circumstances of the case , it may be permissible to convict a person only on the basis of dying declaration .
we are also of the view that the facts of the case and the evidence of the doctor actually indicate that it was Section 304 Part I of the Indian Penal Code .
the Bench also did not take into account the fact of the abolition of the cadre of Panchayat Shiksha Mitra and the replacement of the scheme by the statutory Rules of 2006 .
if a coparcener is not alive at the time of the death of a widow , the property held by her will again stand transferred to the heirs of her husband " .
this writ petition has been filed only in the event of there being apprehension of this gruesome involvement of the State in deprivation of petitioner other than the procedures established by law .
on one occasion , when the allegations were found to be absolutely malafide , an enquiry was ordered by the Vice Chancellor of the University to be made from the Sub Registrar .
in support of the same , he has placed reliance on the decision in the case of Antable Chowdhary vs. State of Uttar Pradesh (( 2013 ) 6 SCC 384 ) .
Hon'ble Hemant Kumar Srivastava , J. Subhash Yadav and Ors . vs . Priyobroto Yadav and Ors . , CWJC No. 15849 of 2010 . decided on 9th December , 2014 .
the chamber along with the informant , assaulted the informant with a hand made of his pistol on the back side of his head , as a result of which blood flowed .
again on Wednesday , the informant had gone to the river bank with a bullock - cart , but his brother and Kailash alias Kela Yadav did not return even on Wednesday .
hence , the sub-section ( iv ) is not found applicable due to any lapses on the part of the prosecution in naming the location of the area by the specified permission .
( b ) Property Law Family Order There is no need to be restricted to a family arrangement , but it is necessary to prima facie appear to be genuine .
10- The statutory amount deposited at the time of filing of the appeal shall be sent to the Tribunal which shall be kept in abeyance till the disposal of the claim case .
it is difficult to infer from this , though not impossible , that the other appellant has admitted that he had received a copy of the notice of no - confidence motion .
the presence of an extra corneal haematoma on the whole of the occipital region including the fracture of the occipital bone with an aperture on the left side of the occipital bone .
there is no evidence that the sale deeds , Exts.1 / A and 1 / B , the lands included in the sale deed are in the nature of the acquired lands .
these six plots , referred to as above , are alleged to have been recorded at one stage , which was said to have been written at the foot of the appellants .
in case of the former , the proof is to be beyond reasonable doubt and the evidence is to be evaluated in view of the rigid provision of the Indian Evidence Act .
but the record thereof will be kept in the office of the Superintendent and it has also to be seen that different scales are not to be used in imposing the punishment .
at the first stage of the trial , the father of the petitioner wanted to release the lands in question from the acquisition proceedings , but he had failed to this Court .
Hon'ble Jitendra Mohan Sharma , J. Mohd . Shahabuddin Vs . State of Bihar , Cri . MiG . no . 35785 of 2016 . decided on 7th November , 2016 .
the objectives and reasons , as stated therein , are read as follows : For the phased implementation of prohibition in the State , the new Product Policy 2015 is notified .
29- In the aforesaid backdrop and in the aforesaid backdrop , the Indian Succession Act has a statutory requirement for promotion in terms of Section 283 ( 1 ) ( c ) .
it is a serious misconduct and a contrary conduct to a government servant in the light of Rule 19 ( 6 ) of the Bihar Government Servants , Apprenticeship Rules , 1976 .
now , on the very statement of the declarant himself , who is the alleged testator in the document in question , is not his property but the property of the Thakore .
the facts in the case of Janaki Baso Deo Bhojwani and another , appellants vs. Intoo Bank Ltd . and Anr . , respondents ( supra ) are on a different footing .
it was stated in the cross - examination that this is not the disclosure where the plaintiff knows the fact himself , but it is only a game on the disclosure word .
however , the application of such provisions of the Code of Civil Procedure will be excluded which are inconsistent with the provisions of the Act and / or the rules made thereunder .
on the protest made by the complainant , the said surveyor told the complainant that he would act in such a manner that the vehicle has to be kept in the pen .
the first is only a Lok Adalat and the second forum in terms of Sections 22 ( a ) to 22 ( g ) as amended , is the Standing Lok Adalat .
( 2003 ) 2 SCC 518 in Amar Singh vs. Balwinder Singh , reported in ( 2003 ) 2 SCC 518 , the Supreme Court held as under in para 15 :
in view of this decision , on the day of the commencement of the Hindu Succession Act , Sudama Devi had no possession over the share of her husband Lakshmi Narayan Purve .
he further submits that there is no such well-founded presumption that in all cases , at the time of the commission of the offence , the person concerned will lose his identity .
Hon'ble Aditya Kumar Trivedi , J. Hon'ble Shri Justice Laxmi Devi and others vs. State of Bihar , CWJJC No. 10287 of 2013 . decided on 28th November , 2016 .
this right is different and independent of the power of reprisal , the responsibility of which has been taken over by the State in a society governed by the rule of law .
she sustained injury on her forehead from the previous portion of the farsa as a result of which the skin was torn , the blood was oozing and fell on the ground .
they identified the informant's Court as well as the informant's case at the time of evidence , after verifying the identity mark on the person of the informant .
Hon'ble Chakradhari Saran Singh , J. Hon'ble Shambhu Nath vs. State of Bihar and Ors . , High Court No. 845 of 2014 . decided on 9th February , 2017 .
obviously , in the facts of the present case , the nature of the matrimonial case as instituted , the scope and cause of action shall be altered by the proposed amendments .
(c ) where the President or the Governor, as the case may be, is satisfied that in the interest of the security of the State it is not expedient to hold such inquiry.
(iic) in the case of an individual or a Hindu undivided family, interest on such Relief Bonds as the Central Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, specify in this behalf ;
(a) no deduction shall be admissible under this section to the amalgamating or the demerged Unit, being the company for the previous year in which the amalgamation or the demerger takes place; and
(ii) the provisions of this section shall, as far as may be, apply to the amalgamated company as they would have applied to the amalgamating company if the amalgamation had not taken place.
(ii) the provisions of this section shall, as far as may be, apply to the resulting company, as they would have applied to the demerged company, if the demerger had not taken place.
(ii) the provisions of this section shall, as far as may be, apply to the amalgamated company as they would have applied to the amalgamating company if the amalgamation had not taken place.
(ii) the provisions of this section shall, as far as may be, apply to the resulting company as they would have applied to the demerged company, if the demerger had not taken place.
(c) the partners of the firm do not receive any consideration or benefit, directly or indirectly, in any form or manner, other than by way of allotment of shares in the company; and
Provided that the amount received by the nominee, on the death of the assessee, under the circumstances referred to in clause (a), shall not be deemed to be the income of the nominee.
(vii) the Government or to any such local authority, institution or association as may be approved in this behalf by the Central Government, to be utilised for the purpose of promoting family planning;
Provided that, in the case of a decree for the payment of money, the value of the property attached shall, as nearly as may be, correspond with the amount due under the decree.
While making an order for the custody of a child under this section, the welfare and best interests of the child shall be the paramount consideration to be given by the district court.
The accused was arrested at 13.00 hrs in the Police Police Station and in the police custody, according to the realization / reason for being nominated and evidence in the case number 302504506.
21. In the present case where Ex. Ministers, including Ex. Chief Minister, are involved, investigation by the State Investigating Agency suffers from the same problem as in the case of Rubabbuddin Sheikh (supra).
13. In view of the above facts and circumstances of the case and the proposition of law, we do not find any force in the contention of the learned counsel for the respondents.
Counter case instituted at the instance of the present petitioners was pending before the same trial court and the witnesses were aware of the day to days development but never chose to appear.
The I.O. has also found black mark on the floor at the place of occurrence and also a bottle with smell of kerosene oil and burnt match sticks at the place of occurrence.
2- It is the grievance of the petitioner that at the time of examination on 27th July , 2013 , the petitioner had sat in a wrong place in the Unnat Examination Hall .
5- It is the case of the plaintiff that the measure of the plot in question was 15 katta and one blade and the name of his great grandfather Bahadur Singh was recorded .
according to the learned counsel , here in the present case , the defendants had never raised any plea in the written statement that the property is the property of the joint family .
it is further submitted that even the absence of any source of identity is also an indication of the fact that the version as expounded on the part of the prosecution is bad .
the second party is not a further report about the cause of action at the hands of the members of the petitioner Application for termination of proceedings under Section 107 is allowed .
the said tree of Kathal is on the ground allotted to him , while the informant gives a claim that the tree is situated on the land that he had purchased from Alauddin .
in his cross-examination , he has stated that at the time of the incident , he was in the meeting regarding the crime at the office of the Superintendent of Police , Khagaria .
Hon'ble Mengeshwar Sahu , J. Ram Dhani Tiwari and ORs. vs. Ram Call Tiwari and Ors . on Appeal no . 400 of 1989 . decided on 13th December , 2012 .
the authority to interfere with the rights of one's and specially the rights of a minority institution is necessary 13 . thereafter , they refer to Section 28 of the Act .
in view of identification of the two sons of Bachu Yadav , the only necessity was to keep both the sons and other accused persons of Bachchu Yadav including the petitioner on trial .
in such a situation , the petitioners had made an application under Section 205 of the Code of Criminal Procedure ( for short , the Code ) to get rid of their presence .
in the present case , it has been specifically pleaded by the plaintiffs that they were in possession of the property and before the filing of the application , there was no disturbance .
it is shocking that the injury spread over the diameter of " 3 " by the side of the ear and neck is not part of the area of a " control " .
10- It is the case of the appellants that after the marriage of Madhuban Chhej , the daughter of Madhuban Chouri was leading a happy life in her matrimonial house in Uttar Pradesh .
the Scheme C was only a contributory provident fund in which the employer's contribution to the employee's provident fund was 10 per cent of the salary of the employee .
the notification of appointment by the State Government had pointed out that the said appointments were made on adhoc and stopgap basis in + 2 out of the newly created categories in schools .
( 1 ) . the prosecution witnesses say that by making sure that you were dishonest , Lakshmana Singh was killed by a lathi and Lakshmana died on the spot by his murder .
he also stated that the aforesaid missing machine is the machine of the people on the east and the Calavar , while on the west side of the ghati is the Kapha house .
but before conviction of the accused on the basis of the sole statement of the victim of rape , it is necessary to give rise to confidence from the statement of the victim .
Hon'ble Ashwani Kumar Singh , J. Hon'ble Prem Singh Raitley vs. State of Bihar and Ors . , Writ Petition No. 330 of 2013 . decided on 5th April , 2013 .
9- Before adverting to the oral evidence , it will be appropriate to take note of the evidence of the doctor who had post mortem on the body of the deceased Prisadi Mandal .
that apart , the petitioner has already made a representation to the management , a copy of which has been heard by the learned counsels for the six parties appended to the rejoinder .
the instructions of the Corporation to pay the same without verifying about the supply of machinery on behalf of the supplier were stated to be in violation of the instructions of the Corporation .
on the death of Dhirthan Rauet , his only daughter , cherry Devi was in possession of the suit property and after her death , it has been in possession of the petitioner .
19- Learned counsel for the State , on the other hand , submitted that though there are some contradictions in the evidence of the prosecution witnesses but they are not material in nature .
on his return he was able to stand in the vicinity of the Idgah by Sambhu Sahni , Ashok Sahni , Tilil Sail Sahani , Beaganath Sahni , Jagarnath Sahni and Shankar Sahani .
with regard to the large vacancy caused by the Selection Committee of the concerned Gram Panchayat in the appointment of Panchayat Teachers , the respondents had filed an application belliging to the grievance .
if the State Government could not interfere with the statutory contracts entered into by the District Magistrate , the same reasoning would apply to the statutory contracts entered into by the District Council .
Hon'ble Mhir Kumar Jha , J. Shiv Kishore Singh and Ors . Versus State of Bihar and Ors . , CWJC No. 17741 of 2012 . decided on 14th March , 2014 .
in this connection , he has sent a copy of the same to Hon'ble Chief Minister , Chief Secretary , District Officer , Extol , District Education Officer and Hindi Newspapers .
thus , if the story of the prosecution had been truthful , then in that event , the first infinite and Ravinder would have been victim to the hands of the accused persons .
from the conduct of the prosecution , it is clear that it has not come bick-down as far as the manner of the incident and the genesis of the occurrence is also concerned .
( in the course of the order passed by the Hon'ble High Court and exemption of reserved candidates shall be effective as per the circular of the Government of Bihar ) .
to that extent , the law laid down by the Apex Court in the case of Lila Dhar ( supra ) is a complete answer in which it was held as under :
Hon'ble Ramesh Kumar Dutta , J. Hon'ble Shri Niwas Rugta and others vs. State of Bihar and others , CWJC No. 2492 of 1992 . decided on 1st May , 2014 .
it is argued that the verification impugned by the Collector , which is admittedly and clearly contrary to the direction of the Supreme Court , has to be held to be without jurisdiction .
( I ) One lacerated wound on the right side of the intestine extending up to the umbilicus region extending to a depth of 7 " x % " in the peritoneal cavity .
 " " " 5 . evidence to prove that the evidence of the police officials and the evidence of the Panch witnesses included that Charas and Gabis were recovered from the accused . 
in a proper case , in the light of the facts and circumstances of the case , it may be permissible to convict a person only on the basis of a dying declaration .
sub-section ( 4 ) of Section 4 of the 2009 Act is held to be arbitrary and to the extent ultra vires and unconstitutional to the extent that Article 14 of the Constitution .
according to the same document of the appellant , it is clear that on the day of the accident , the vehicle was not owned by the transferee , namely , Lakhendra Rai .
the reservation provided in the Constitution of the societies for co - operatives is nothing but a unwarranted and illegal interference by the State Government in the management of co - operative societies .
13- In such a situation , we do not find it safe to rely on disclosure of identification or identification by the witnesses with regard to the involvement of the appellants as aforesaid .
it is , therefore , required that both the parties would cooperate in the settlement of suits , preferably within six months , as early as possible from the date of this order .
learned counsel for both the parties have agreed that the parties concerned will extend their full cooperation in the disposal of the appeal to the lower court within the said period of time .
all this is in the name of Tewari Devi , i . e . , the name of mother of defendant Nos. 3 to 5 or defendant No. 1 , 2 or 3 .
sub-section ( 4 ) of Section 4 of the 2009 Act is held to be arbitrary and to the extent ultra vires and unconstitutional to the extent that Article 14 of the Constitution .
the name of the late Ram Bahadur Thapa be treated as having been expunged from the title of the suit and the name of his legal heir Shrawan Kumar Thapa may be substituted .
I am afraid the submission of the learned counsel appearing on behalf of the petitioners is not only misconceived but is contrary to the judicial decisions of the Hon'ble Supreme Court .
Hon'ble Ajay Kumar Tripathi , J. Rajiv Ranjan and Ors . Vs . State of Bihar and Ors . , CWJJC No. 1713 of 2014 . decided on 18th March , 2015 .
the evidence of the prosecution witnesses in the Court is contrary to the allegations made in the first information report and the statements made under Section 161 of the Code of Criminal Procedure .
that very moment , one Dharam Singh , Jamba Singh , Ram Bahadur Sharma , Indra Mohan Sharma and his wife ( wife of the deceased ) , Prem Nandan Sharma were present .
the average annual production of maize in the acquired land is five per capita production of maize , 15 per head per group of potato , seven hundred rupees per katta of Kuala .
it is possible that because of the mistake of the counsel , the witnesses of the appellant have not referred to the religious rituals which have been performed at the time of marriage .
title suit No.7 of 1995 , filed by him in respect of that land on the previous occasion , was the appointment of Mr. Brahma Dev Narain Choudhary , consequent upon the Arbitrator .
therefore , the Notification issued was in conflict with the notified policy of the State Government and was in conflict with the guidelines provided therein and will , therefore , be ultra vires .
it was submitted that firstly , the discretion of the Court to grant the lesser punishment , depending upon the circumstances in derogation , wholly takes away from the discretion of the court .
on taking the load of 186 packets of Ganda , the weight was found to be 2930 kg with a value of Rs . 1 , 02 , 55 , 000 / - .
( I ) Whether the impugned judgment of the learned lower Appellate Court and the decree is violative of the specific provision of Order XLI Rule 31 of the Code of Criminal Procedure .
now , therefore , in view of this proposition , in the instant case , we have noticed above that the facts are fully fit in with the facts of the above judgments .
reference may be made to the judgment of the Hon'ble Supreme Court in the case of Ram Swaroop Gupta vs. Bishna Narayan Inter College and others , AIR 1987 SC 1242 .
moreover , the statement of the informant that he was an eye witness to the extent of seeing the incident is highly doubtful as the incident had taken place late in the night .
provided that if any objection is raised at the time of the record of evidence before the Commissioner , it shall be recorded and decided by the Court at the time of arguments .
in their possession , the brave and gallant will - be in possession of T . t . Minto , T . p . will be admitted into possession , the loyalist aspirant .
the basic fact of the case of the appellant is that there has been violation of the term of the contract of insurance as the vehicle was being driven by a non-licencee driver .
25- Having regard to the facts of the present case , this Court is of the opinion that essentially there is a contract between the Insurance Company and the owner of the vehicle .
Hon'ble Jyoti Sharan , J. Pinki Kumari vs. State of Bihar and Ors . (J . C . No. 3899 of 2016 ) . decided on 1st Sist March , 2016 .
he submits that the medical profession has been placed at a different pedestal than the 'sima'persons for the purpose of criminal prosecution against them in connection with their professional conduct .
( 4 ) The test to hold the medical negligence as laid down in the case of Bolam (1957 ) 1 (WLR 582 ) became effective in its application in India .
the District Programme Officer ( Establishment ) , Gopalganj , shall complete the entire process within a period of three months from the date of receipt / submission of copy of this order .
in fact , the document is a manufactured and created document on which no reliance could be placed by the trial court , thus , the judgment of the trial court is vitiated .
while the written statement of defendant No. 4 to some extent is similar to Sumitra Devi's statement and to some extent to the written statement of defendant Nos. 1 and 7 .
Hon'ble Hemant Kumar Srivastava , J. Bibi Sayeda Khatun and Ors . Versus State of Bihar and Ors . , W.JC No. 2268 of 2009 . decided on 11th October , 2017 .
the investigation officer of the case has not been examined by the prosecution and the investigation officer does not prove the place of occurrence on account of his examination of the office bearer .
therefore , it is apparent from the aforesaid fact that according to the case of opposite party No. 1 , the sale deed executed in his favour was not from the very beginning .
the appellant , namely , Bachchu Prasad , Chhaviela Prasad Yadav and Mr. Rai , were the three writ petitioners and they claim to be a share - cropper ( lower ryots ) .
persistent demands are made so long as the wife resides in her husband's house or in her father's house , there will be a continuing cruelty to the wife .
during cross-examination , he had stated that when they were going for attend the call of nature , they had seen Ram Pravesh Singh on his way to attend the call of nature .
advocate . - Mr / s Anand Karigare Omjhaa , K . a . , Form A and P - 11 ; Mr . N . J . Garhna , send for resignation .
28 . in my considered opinion , the case of the petitioner is wholly covered by the judgment of the Supreme Court in the case of Anil Kumar and others ( supra ) .
(6) Every special order made by the State Government under the proviso to clause (5) shall be laid, as soon as may be after it is made, before both Houses of the State Legislature.
5. Local Government, that is to say, the constitution and powers of municipal corporations, improvement trusts, district boards, mining settlement authorities and other local authorities for the purpose of local self-Government or village administration.
(2) in clause (5), for the words or for the protection of the interests of any Scheduled Tribes, the words or in the interests of the security of the State shall be substituted; and
(j) Article 150. For as the President may, on the advice of the Comptroller and Auditor-General of India, prescribe substitute as the Comptroller and Auditor-General of India may, with the approval of the President prescribe.
Provided that if the fund has been established or incorporated in the previous year, the corpus of fund shall not be less than one hundred crore rupees at the end of such previous year:
(a) where the agreement relates to a matter included in the industrial policy, for the time being in force, of the Government of India, such agreement is in accordance with that policy ; and
(iib) in the case of an individual or a Hindu undivided family, interest on such Capital Investment Bonds as the Central Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, specify in this behalf :
(a) the transaction of sale of such equity share or unit is entered into on or after the date on which Chapter VII of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 2004 comes into force; and
11. (1) Subject to the provisions of sections 60 to 63, the following income shall not be included in the total income of the previous year of the person in receipt of the income 
(ii) the provisions of this section shall, as far as may be, apply to the amalgamated company as they would have applied to the amalgamating company if the latter had not transferred the licence.
(ii) the provisions of this section shall, as far as may be, apply to the resulting company as they would have applied to the demerged company if the latter had not transferred the licence.
(viib) any transfer of a capital asset, being a Government Security carrying a periodic payment of interest, made outside India through an intermediary dealing in settlement of securities, by a non-resident to another non-resident.
(a) if the cost of the new asset is not less than the net consideration in respect of the original asset, the whole of such capital gain shall not be charged under section 45;
(a) if the cost of the specified securities is not less than the net consideration in respect of the original asset, the whole of such capital gain shall not be charged under section 45;
(a) where such loss or unabsorbed depreciation is directly relatable to the undertakings transferred to the resulting company, be allowed to be carried forward and set off in the hands of the resulting company;
(b) the whole of the amount paid on account of medical expenditure incurred on the health of any member of the Hindu undivided family as does not exceed in the aggregate 28[thirty] thousand rupees:
(2) If at the time of filing a petition, the petitioner is a minor, the petition may be filed through his or her guardian or next friend along with the Child Marriage Prohibition Officer.
According to Fraud Recovery, on 23-8-2011 I SHO Gyanendra Mai Hamrahi HCCP 205 Ramraj Singh K. 284 Vijay Kumar May, Driver of Government Jeep No.U.P. 70 AG-10198 No. Funnel report No. 32 at 11.40
It was submitted that the present FIR which is the basis of the report for prosecution of the petitioner and others, has got no legs to stand and is fit to be set aside.
5. Having heard learned counsel for the parties and looking to the facts of the case, it appears that the proposed amendment in the written statement will not change the nature of the suit.
23 . in my opinion , the admission of Nandoo , to which the accused picked up the property , would not , in my opinion , materially affect the case of the prosecution .
so far as the question of Shri Raghuvansh 2013 ( 1 ) BLJ and amp ; Bhubaneswar Prasad Singh is concerned , they were the permanent employees of the Bihar State Cooperative Marketing Federation .
Hon'ble Virendra Prasad Verma , J. Hon'ble Anita Devi and Ors. vs. State of Bihar and Ors . , Criminal Revision No. 863 of 2009 . decided on 19th October , 2012 .
the actual age of the insured on the date of the proposal was 54 years but in the offer form and the personal statement he had unfalsely stated his age to be 40 years .
the Supreme Court held that the regular cadre of the prosecution officials was constituted at the lowest level consisting of the services of the Assistant Public Prosecutor and the Public Prosecutor at the top .
criminal liability can only be imposed upon those who were in charge of , and were responsible for , the conduct of the business of the company at the time the offence was committed .
it is for this reason that the trial court had come to the considered opinion that the Will appears to be manufactured and code from which no benefit can be derived by the claimants .
in the course of the dacoity , he identified the appellant and some others in the light of the lanterns as well as in the light of the torch lights shining by the dacoits .
it is apparent from the facts brought on record that this is not the case where the District Council has failed to hand over the possession of the land in question to the petitioner .
3- The case is based on the statement of the brother-in-law of the deceased Rano Devi , who has made her statement in village Damdih , where the deceased and the informant both live .
the age of the deceased was stated to be 60 years , 2013 ( 3 ) BLJ and JLJ 50 , which was said to be carrying on the business of milk and curds .
11- Before referring to the findings of the Trial Court , it would be appropriate to refer to a series of events that brought out the outcome of the ex-pane trial of the suit .
the alleged motive of the commission of the crime was the incident of cutting sugarcane crop a few days prior to the incident and snatching the wrist watch of the deceased Yamuna Mahto Mahto .
14 . in our opinion , on the facts recorded above , it is not understood as to why the appellant Mahesh Singh would commit such an offence or be a party to it .
Hon'ble Mengeshwar Sahu , J. Hon'ble Mr. Justice Umesh Singh and Ors . vs Smt . Jayavathi Devi and Ors . , 1989 . decided on 17th July , 2014 .
moreover , in the said partition alleged to have been alleged by the plaintiff , no piece of land belonging to any block would have been assigned to Sheikh Asmat without a registered document .
in a criminal case under Section 498-A of IPC , the recording of the document as well as the consequential order of cognizance are indicative of the negligence on the part of the petitioner .
first of all , it is not probable that at twelve o clock in the night , a person will suddenly become aware of the world that he is able to identify himself .
Hon'ble Mengeshwar Sahu , J. Hon'ble Jai Prakash and Others Vs . Raj Kumar Prasad and Ors . , AIR 1981 SC 308 . decided on 3rd November , 2013 .
35- However , in the facts and circumstances of the case , we consider it inappropriate to direct the release of the appellants from detention during the pendency of the trial , pending custody .
thus , he claimed that in the Revision Survey Khatiyan , the concerned land , which was in the share of the branch of the appellant , was the name of Raja Ram Singh .
6- We note here that as per law for the time being in force , it was not obligatory on the part of the disciplinary authority to report the Inquiry Officer to the delinquent .
advocate , G - Mr . V . eye , App . App . App . , P . O . , G . O . , S . C . Mismson , Financial Services
Hon'ble Dr. Ravi Ranjan , J. Shiv Kumar Gupta and Ors . Vs . State of Bihar and Ors . , CWJC No. 643 of 2007 . decided on 30th April , 2012 .
the order of this Court , however , directs the civil authorities , 2014 ( 2 ) BLJ and police authorities to assist the municipal authorities in the operation of the bye - laws .
Hon'ble NAVALRAM Singh , J. M / s valuable Holmes Ltd . Vs . Patna Municipal Corporation and Ors . , W.JJC No. 24376 of 2013 . decided on 11th December , 2013 .
in the case of Suresh Pal , from the Hon'ble High Court , it has been held that the degree obtained by the institution before being dishonoured cannot be held to be illegal .
21 . now , the name of the only deceased appellant shall be removed from the rank of the parties to the memo of appeal and the applicants shall be substituted in his place .
in para 103 , the Hon'ble Supreme Court held as to what would be the cavalier interest , it will depend on the fact situation that can be obtained in each case .
even in the last case ( supra ) of Vijendra Kumar Verma the reliance placed by learned counsel for the respondents would not be of any use in the facts of the present case .
( b ) the percentage that would happen if the addition of the above 1 and 2 and participate in the addition is to two , the merit number of the candidate shall be .
in this regard , first and foremost , it would be necessary for me to reproduce the provision of Section 8 of the Bihar and Orissa General Clauses Act which is reproduced below :
Hon'ble Samarendra Pratap Singh , J. Hon'ble State of Bihar and Ors . , reported in ( 1980 ) 1 SCC 6761 of 2008 . decided on 3rd July , 2014 .
5- According to learned counsel for the petitioner , such order passed by the Chairman of the Board is contrary to the judgment of the Government as well as several judgments of this Court .
there was also a provision that till such inquiries were completed , teachers would continue in service but their final absorption in government service would be subject to the decision of the State Government .
for the purposes of the aforesaid proviso , it is within the knowledge of date of hearing , which is relevant , there is no knowledge of the pendency of the suit .
the total cost of construction work done by the Development Authority , Patna and the total amount to be deposited by the District Officer , Patna in the name of the Land Acquisition Officer .
that apart , there is another serious lacunae even on account of non- production of material exhibit before the Court which has had a very adverse effect on the authenticity of the prosecution case .
the Court held that it is trite law that the sentence imposable on the date of the commission of the offence has to be determined the sentence imposable on the conclusion of the trial .
thus , there is no contradiction or conflict between the other provisions of the Advocates Act on the one hand and Section 34 or Article 145 of the Constitution of India on the other .
23- Admittedly , since opposition Nos.2 to 15 are the persons who are on the lower rungs of the police force but are the officers of the police officials engaged in the legal order .
Hon'ble Navjivan Prasad Singh , J. Hon'ble Indra Pratap Singh @ Lalji Babu vs. State of Bihar and Ors . CWJC No. 4833 of 2012 . decided on 7th November , 2014 .
under the said resolution , the benefit of contributory provident fund has been allowed to the employees of the Government of Bihar , who have been employed on or after 1st September , 2005 .
their Lordships of the Hon'ble Supreme Court have relied upon the framing of the Constitution of India's Constitution , issues 2 and Parliamentary discussions , edited by B . Shivraj .
6- In view of the admitted relationship of the landlord and the tenant between the plaintiff and the defendant , the only issue was that of the existence of a bona fide personal need .
( iv ) Whether the suit is filed by the provisions of Section 69 ( 2 ) of the Indian Partnership Act and under Order 30 Rule 2 of the Code of Civil Procedure ?
Hon'ble Akhilesh Chandra , J. in National Insurance Company Limited vs . Mst Jisht Jaimati Kunwar and Ors . 54E bearing Appeal No. 616 of 2008 . decided on 5th January , 2015 .
in the course of cross examination , in paragraph 3 , he stated that he did not know the fact that due to the drain , there were strained relations between the two parties .
reference may be made to the decisions of the Supreme Court in the Supreme Court (AIR 1974 Supreme Court 1123 , AIR 1971 Supreme Court 2057 , AIR 1957 Supreme Court 133 etc .
instead of doing so , the observations / findings of the hearing committee have been taken note of erroneously and the ground for rejection of the claim of the petitioner has been made out .
Hon'ble Rakesh Kumar , J. Hon'ble Shri Justice Board Manager , Oriental Insurance Company Vs . Anju Sinha and others Mishelal Appeal No. 135 of 2013 . decided on 4th December , 2014
Hon'ble Mengeshwar Sahu , J. Pooran Deb Narain Singh and Ors . vs Budhdev Singh and Ors . , ( 1995 ) 3 SCC 379 , decided on 11th March , 2015 .
as a matter of fact , the land was settled by the erstwhile land owner with these defendants in the year 1950 and after vesting , they became ryots of the State of Bihar .
in the counter affidavit , the State side is of the view that neither the powers of the Programme Officials have been reduced nor they have been made subordinate to the Block Development functionaries .
such an opportunity would arise only when , on an examination of the evidence , as the case may be , the Court finds that any inherent defect or fault emerges to the Court .
it was obligatory on the part of the concerned authority to inform the nearest higher office bearer within the stipulated time of 72 hours in respect of the information received for the concerned authority .
both these have stated in their statements recorded during the investigation as well as in their testimonies . that at the time of the incident , the electricity light was present in the house .
( b ) Whether the procedure adopted by the High Court is proper and correct , at the stage of taking the vertical of the power under clause ( 2 ) ( b ) ?
it is true that , in the first instance , the provisions of Section 26 of the 1947 Act and the provisions of Section 32-A of the 1993 Act appear to be very similar .
on hearing the complaint , Krishna Yadav , elder brother of Pankaj , got angry and told that if he was to live in the village , he would have to pay the dye .
he has submitted that in the course of the investigation , the allegations made in the FIR were found to be correct and accordingly , the police had filed the affidavit in the case .
it is made clear that we have not gone into the merits of the claims of both the parties and it is for the trial court to decide the same in accordance with law .
further , it has also been submitted that the submission of the probate petition was not maintainable , in the light of the fact that the applicant is not the executant of the Will .
the learned Additional Public Prosecutor Mr. Umanath Mishra will forthwith communicate this order to the senior Superintendent of Police , Patna , which shall file the compliance report within a period of two weeks .
Hon'ble Jitendra Mohan Sharma , J. Dharma Thakur and Ors . Versus Manish Sinha and Ors . , ( 1991 ) 2 SCC 354 ) . decided on 14th August October , 2015 .
the plaintiff had claimed that the same was segregated as per the convenience in the year 1936 itself , whereas , according to the defendant-appellants , there was a demarcation in the year 1924 .
Hon'ble Aditya Kumar Trivedi , J. Baleshwar Jha and Ors. vs. Kamla Kant Jha and Ors . , came to mean Appeal No. 362 of 1983 . decided on 14th October , 2015 .
the relief petition mentioned in paragraph No. 1 of the aforesaid interlocutory application , including the averments made in support and the documents brought on record , shall form part of the writ petition .
as was itself admitted by the prosecution witnesses that there was a strike of the workers , and as a result there was some delay in raising the bags from the palaeons Station Yard .
15- hence from the evidence of the doctor , it is apparent that the prosecution case is supported by the evidence of the doctor regarding the time of occurrence and the manner of incident .
28- With regard to the evidence produced during the trial , the entire action of the prosecution in search , seizure , sample , etc . , is contrary to the order of law .
4- It has also been disclosed that the plaintiffs , defendants are the first party , the defendant , the second party and the defendant are the descendants of Bhuj Das , Dhanj Das .
moreover , the statement of the informant made that he was an eye witness to the extent of seeing the incident is highly doubtful as the incident had taken place late in the night .
after paying the rent , get the acknowledgement Vs . themselves to book , he will name his copy and file a free Jamabandi of the Wasification Office Zone of the Government of Bihar .
the writ petitioner was the applicant before the Tribunal and is the elder son of late Panna Devi , whereas respondent No. 11 is the younger son of Chhotey Lal , late Panna Devi .
10- Learned counsel for the respondent , on the other hand , submitted that the order passed by the Standing Lok Adalat , which is the impugned order , is in accordance with law .
the purchase was from the auction held by the learned company judge and the same was sold in pursuance of the measures taken in the winding up proceedings in respect of the said company .
Hon'ble NAVpolicy Prasad Singh and Neeloo Agarwal , JJ . Union of India and Ors . vs . Raghuvar Singh C.WJC No. 2772 of 2015 . decided on 11th January , 2016 .
it is a settled law that the Collector or the Courts , who plead for compensation even to the land and to the fruit trees , cannot make a separate determination of the same .
8- We are supported by the view of a Full Bench of this Court in the case of Kalpana Rani vs. State of Bihar and Ors . , 2014 ( 2 ) PLJR 665 .
because of her ill - treatment , her husband's mother , who had come to her rescue at the time of Durga Puja in the year 1997 , had to go back .
32 . saying so , we are of the opinion that there is no dispute that the earliest information received by the police in connection with the incident has been concealed from the Court .
thus , she has also not supported the case of the prosecution relating to the going out of the victim in a naked condition from the house of the appellant , a stronger Karmakar .
though the Code of Civil Procedure is not applicable to writ proceedings but keeping in view the broad principles of the Code of Civil Procedure , the order of the Code of Civil Procedure .
looking at the evidence of PW3 , particularly in the presence of him at the place of occurrence , in front of the facts arising in his cross-examination , also appears to be suspicious .
Hon'ble Abuuddin Ainullah , J. Hon'ble Mr. Imran Alam vs. State of Bihar and Ors . (22 JJC No. 2275 of 2016 ) decided on 9th February , 2017 .
the private respondents did not raise any such properties when in 2005 , a list of ad hoc posts was published in which the private respondents were shown to be harsh from the petitioners .
( 3 ) The Chief of the police station shall be the Station Officer , ( Station House Officer ) , who shall not be below the rank of an inferior Inspector of Police .
16- It is in the context of the above principles of law and the provisions of the Code , in the instant case , the rights of the appellant have to be adjudicated , .
(a) compensation received by a workman at the time of the closing down of the undertaking in which he is employed shall be deemed to be compensation received at the time of his retrenchment ;
(c) any arrears of salary paid or allowed to him in the previous year by or on behalf of an employer or a former employer, if not charged to income-tax for any earlier previous year.
Provided that a reasonable opportunity of showing cause against the proposed withdrawal shall be given by the National Committee to the concerned association, institution, public sector company or local authority, as the case may be:
(a) all the assets and liabilities of the firm or of the association of persons or body of individuals relating to the business immediately before the succession become the assets and liabilities of the company;
(a) if the cost of the new asset is not less than the net consideration in respect of the original asset, the whole of such capital gain shall not be charged under section 45 ;
Explanation. For the purposes of this clause, the expressions "assessable", "fair market value", "jewellery", "property", "relative" and "stamp duty value" shall have the same meanings as respectively assigned to them in the Explanation to clause (vii).
Provided that the assessee furnishes the certificate referred to in clause (a) of sub-section (2) of section 35AC from such public sector company or local authority or, as the case may be, association or institution.
A fraud or misrepresentation which did not cause the consent to a contract of the party on whom such fraud was practised, or to whom such misrepresentation was made, does not render a contract voidable.
(a) is passed or made against 3[the Union of India] or a State or a public officer in respect of any such act as aforesaid, whether by a Court or by any other authority; and
11. Counsel for the State, on the other hand, while submitting arguments in support of the impugned orders, would want to controvert the grounds raised by the petitioners on the basis of the following objections:
The learned counsel has further argued that the very jurisdiction of the Permanent Lok Adalat is in relation to such matters where both the parties can give and take something and arrive at a settlement.
in this connection , he also referred to the injury report of Sudhir Kumar Singh , Ext . B / 1 and also the injuries inflicted on the person of the appellant , Ext . B.
( d ) Bankers draft ; and ( e ) such other pecuniary instruments as the Central Government or the State Government , as the case may be , may by order in writing specify .
( VII ) Though the matter was to be disposed off in a summary manner , but the Court below has entered into the issues of title and the decision is in a descriptive manner .
in this transaction , I have to hold that how the Collector does this , in accordance with law and the direction of this Court , is his business to see how he meets it .
from the impugned judgment , it is apparent that the learned trial court did not take any trouble to see the same nor did it take into account the relevant inputs to the oral evidence .
Hon'ble Samarendra Pratap Singh , J. Hon'ble Shri Nand Kishore Roy and others vs. Smt . Shakuntala Devi and others , CWJC No. 7368 of 2010 . decided on 28th September , 2012 .
9- From the submission of the parties and the judgment of the courts below , the dispute between the parties is regarding the parentality of Kalo Devi and the year of death of Dilgir Singh .
the school of the petitioners is one of the schools which was entitled to the grant of aid by the State Government , which has not yet been withdrawn , the writ petition is allowed .
but in the present case , the priorities were filed by the supervisor with the approval of the Vice-Chancellor after taking over the activities of the petitioner in connection with the affairs of the University .
in the case before us , there was a partition between the brothers as has been accepted by the plaintiff as well as Faujdar Choudhary as well as by the witnesses examined by the plaintiff .
2- In Aparajan on the same day at 5 : 00 am , I examined one Bhikh Chaudhury , son of Ramdhari Choudhary of the same place and found the following injuries on his person :
such an enquiry is not to be held in a summary way and it is not for the petitioner to do so even without giving sufficient opportunity to substantiate the allegations by furnishing the evidence .
Hon'ble Ashwani Kumar Singh , J. Hon'ble Shri Kant Prasad alias Chirkut Sah and others vs. State of Bihar and Criminal Write No. 879 of 2011 . decided on 20th March , 2013 .
Hon'ble Ashutosh Kumar , J. Hon'ble Mr. Justice Janeshwar Yadav vs. State of Bihar and another Cri . Misc . No. 14886 of 2008 . decided on 13th August , 2014 .
however , a plea was taken by the appellant that the driver of the shock vehicle was not having valid driving licence and the driving licence of the driver of the shock vehicle was fake .
31- At this stage , we shall advert to the decision of the Hon'ble Supreme Court in the case of P. Sarathi vs. State Bank of India (AIR 2000 SC 2023 ) .
their report and their evidence are clear that both the pills had been hit by close proximity , as at the point of entry , the skin had fallen into reckoning in both the cases .
at that time , the plaintiff and the State of Bihar had no knowledge about the attachment , therefore , the plaintiff had handed over the possession of the property to the State of Bihar .
the expert has taken into account the approved hand writing and signature as well as the extended shadow photographs of the disputed handwriting and signatures and the various documents and a table has been prepared .
it is in the absence of the said certificate that the consideration of the birth of the child for the first time in a school studied by the child is Rule 12 ( 3 ) .
in such a view of the matter , on the ground of the impossibility of partition or on account of the non-execution of any document , the plaintiff cannot be made out of the suit .
for the purpose of the Act , the transfer of the land by the success of Ishna Begum , as effected by Section 16 of the Bihar Special Court Act , is void and naughty .
it is , thus , urged that the administration of the will's property or the provrata title should be given , having an impact over the territory of the country as a whole .
reference may be made to the judgment of the Hon'ble Supreme Court in the case of Krishan Kumar seniority vs. Share Share Share reported in 2010 ( 2 ) PLCR 336 ( SC ) .
defendants No.1 to 10 are the sons and daughters of Syed Shah Salliuddin Ahmed , who , according to the plaintiffs , was the mutawalli of the waqf till his death in the year 1982 .
Hon'ble Ahabuddin Ainullah , J. Hon'ble Sanjay Mahto alias Sanjay Prasad Vs . State of Bihar and Ors on Cri.MIC No. 8660 of 2013 . decided on 20 September , 2013 .
Hon'ble Aditya Kumar Trivedi , J. Hon'ble Mr. Justice Naoni Singh vs. State of Bihar and Ors on Criminal Revision No. 381 of 2003 . decided on 29th November , 2013 .
therefore , in the facts and circumstances of the case , the rejection of the evidence of PW-9 by the learned trial court appears to be inappropriate in the facts and circumstances of the case .
therefore , it is apparent that the last decree passed in the case in hand in absence of the widow of Ram Avtar Singh is void and non- basti and is to be set aside .
the finding of the Block Development Ofcer of the large associates committed by the members of the Selection Committee in the appointment of some of the petitioners was not made the subject matter of challenge .
Hon'ble Ramesh Kumar Dutta , J. Oriental Insurance Company Limited and another Vs . State of Bihar and others 2011 ( 3 ) WJC 3586 of 2009 . decided on 13th December , 2013 .
in 1951 , the property was split and in that partition the property had come to the share of Bibi Malpahar Sultana Begum , who had let out the property in favour of the tenants .
the relatives of the person injured or killed in an accident can find that the decree obtained by them is only a paper decree , as the owner is not a person of any status .
it is made clear that it would be the function of the court to decide whether the question involves , or not , the dignity or listlessness of the Advocates and / or the Bench .
24- It would also be relevant at this stage to take into account the basic difference between the essential qualification and the desirable qualification for appointment to the post in question on a regular basis .
as a result of the reorganisation , the division of the erstwhile State of Bihar had necessitated allotment of staff quarters in regard to one of the activities of the then existing State of Bihar .
the opposition no . 3 - United India Insurance Company Limited has also filed written statement by raising a number of representations and did not have a valid licence to the driver with this fact .
Hon'ble Mengeshwar Sahu , J. in the properties of late Shri Sriman Kumar Choudhary , Dharamesh Kumar Vs . X-ray search number No. 7 of 2012 . decided on 24th April , 2014 .
Hon'ble Navjivan Prasad Singh , J. Anju Devi and Ors . Vs . State of Bihar and Ors . , reported in CWJC No. 12509 of 2013 . decided on 27th March , 2014 .
( I ) But notwithstanding this repeal , any teachers appointed under the Pre-Rules , Resolution Orders , etc . , shall have no impact on the terms and conditions of service of the teachers .
therefore , taking the property of a minor into joint family property will not become devoid of the title of the minor property and more so , it is only a case of the defendant .
AIR 1980 SC 1621 : State of Delhi vs. Vijay Pal In that case , it was found that the prosecution case was based on the testimony of child witness and oral judicial sanction .
hence , there is no merit in the claim of the petitioner that in the light of his acquittal of the charges by the trial court , he should be acquitted in a departmental proceeding .
in my opinion , the letter assumes that the effect of the Ordinance was the cancellation of the sanctioned post outside the standard board , which in fact is not the intention of the Ordinance .
then again , the present case is not a case of mere irregularity in the composition of the equals , but on the facts of the case it is a case of non-renewal of summons .
all these judgments of the Hon'ble Supreme Court clearly states that the burden of the Court to satisfy is on the claimants that the compensation awarded by the Land Acquisition Officer is insufficient .
it is not possible for us to decide that in such a case , the Court cannot , at the very outset , oversee the documents produced by the accused or the public servant concerned .
the question on which is being put is of the same tone and the petitioners have not to be served , who is the head and sub - head of the Panchayat Committee in question .
( 2 ) The management of a registered committee shall vest in the provisions of this Act and the Committee of Management constituted under the rules / sub-rules of the Committee made under this Act .
10 . this order should be communicated to the concerned officials at the cost of the State through fax to the District Magistrate , Vaishali for further communication of the same to the concerned officials .
for the said reason , according to learned counsel for the State , it was justified for the concerned respondents to provide the senior selection grade , Super typewriter and the post of Principal Assistant .
it will also be the same responsibility of the respondents to closely scrutinize the allegations and the nature and extent of guilt , so that the punishment is commensurate with the gravity of the offence .
( ii ) abrasion of 2 " x1 " in front of the neck ; and ( i ) multiple abrasion of various shapes and sizes on the front and back of the neck . 
now , therefore , on the ground that the appellant is in possession , the land at the time of suit of the plaintiff cannot be deducted from the land at which it is due .
if the said second attempt is passed by the examination , the pay scale of the Matriculation ( trained ) would be payable to them with effect from the date they joined the second examination .
19- In view of the nature of controversy involved in the present case , I consider it apposite to consider the ratio laid down by the Apex Court in the leading cases of medical negligence .
provided that no search shall be deemed to be irregular merely by the fact that a witness for search is not a resident of the locality in which the place of search is situated . 
where the deceased was self-employed or was on a fixed salary ( non-of provision of annual increments etc . ) , the Court would normally take only the real income at the time of death .
( C ) The Registrar General shall maintain a register in which the address of the advocate on record shall be the date of the notice and the actual date of commencement of the training .
such a partition , whether or not there has been a partition of the properties by demarcated with it or thereafter , covers both the partition of the right and the partition of the property .
( III ) Whether it was also appropriate for the competent court to write a letter to the Election Officer - cum - Block Development Officer concerned with holding of oath to the winning candidate ?
the sentence should be so servile that it should sweep away all the standards of decency and disproportionate to the extent that the people of Canada might feel contempt or unbearable to the punishment . 
the above conclusion of the Tribunal is contrary to the principle of " just compensation " established by the Supreme Court in the decision in Helen case (( 1999 ) 1 SCC 90 ) .
they indicate that on the basis of a Will , the property will vest in the executant whereas the property will be vested in the Administrator by virtue of the administration letter by the court .
the evidence of the witnesses as recorded by the Magistrate under section 288 of that Code , could , at the discretion of the Sessions Judge , be treated as material evidence at the trial .
15- The evidence of the brothers of Anita shows that due to ill-treatment meted out to Anita , on account of having been done since her marriage , she was unhappy in her matrimonial home .
provided that such rules , forms and tables shall not be inconsistent with the provisions of any law for the time being in force , and the previous approval of the Governor shall be required .
in his presence , an amount of Rs . 50 , 000 / - was given to Mehnisha and in pursuance thereof , he handed over the keys to the upper storey of the house .
Hon'ble Vikas Jain , J. M / s . Bandoopul Industries vs. Bharat Coking Coal Ltd . and Ors . , W.JJC No. 17282 of 2011 . decided on 18th April , 2016 .
6- In 2008 ( 1 ) Ram Krishan Dubey , reported in PLJR 841 , a Division Bench of this Court in the case of Ram Krishan Dubey Vs . State of Bihar and Ors .
it was referred to the Division Bench that the judgment under appeal of the learned Single Judge was contrary to the judgment of the Division Bench in the case of G.B. speaking ( supra ) .
7 . considering the facts and circumstances of the case and the submissions of the learned counsel for the parties , the Court finds mention in the submissions of the learned counsel for the State .
Hon'ble Ramesh Kumar Datta and Sudhir Singh , JJ . Hon'ble Shri Justice Saket Kumar Vs . Neetu Kumari Misc . Appeal No. 448 of 2014 . decided on 16th November , 2016 .
thereafter , she said the boundary of the place of incident to be Police - North - open ground , South - kitchen garden , East - farm , West - deceased's field .
except to the extent provided in sub-Section ( 2 ) and Rule 169 of Section 169 of the Code of Civil Procedure , 1908 , the claims are not applicable to proceedings before the Tribunal .
2- The brief facts , as alleged in the complaint petition , are that the complainant is a owner of M / s . Bajrang Traders engaged in the business of fertilizers and wood cake .
38. Salaries and allowances of members of the Legislature of the State, of the Speaker and Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and, if there is a Legislative Council, of the Chairman and Deputy Chairman thereof.
257A. The Tamil Nadu Backward Classes, Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (Reservation of Seats in Educational Institutions and of appointments or posts in the Services under the State) Act, 1993 (Tamil Nadu Act 45 of 1994).]
(iiiaaaa) the Chief Minister's Relief Fund or the Lieutenant Governor's Relief Fund in respect of any State or Union territory as referred to in sub-clause (iiihf) of clause (a) of sub-section (2) of section 80G; or
(b) any person who has made a substantial contribution to the trust or institution, that is to say, any person whose total contribution up to the end of the relevant previous year exceeds fifty thousand rupees;
(a) to an association or institution, which has as its object the undertaking of any programme of rural development, to be used for carrying out any programme of rural development approved by the prescribed authority; or
(iv) income referred to in sub-clause (xi) of clause (24) of section 2, if such income is not chargeable to income-tax under the head "Profits and gains of business or profession" or under the head "Salaries";
(vii) where an individual or a Hindu undivided family receives, in any previous year, from any person or persons on or after the 1st day of October, 2009 5[but before the 1st day of April, 2017], 
(b) any instalment or part payment of the amount due to any company or co-operative society of which the assessee is a shareholder or member towards the cost of the house property allotted to him; or
(c) the whole of the amount paid on account of medical expenditure incurred on the health of the assessee or any member of his family as does not exceed in the aggregate [thirty thousand rupees]; and
(d) any sum paid by the assessee in the previous year to a rural development fund set up and notified by the Central Government for the purposes of clause (c) of sub-section (1) of section 35CCA;
(c) "Export House Certificate" or "Trading House Certificate" means a valid Export House Certificate or Trading House Certificate, as the case may be, issued by the Chief Controller of Imports and Exports, Government of India ;
(a) any contribution paid or payable by the employer to any pension fund or provident fund or any other fund for the benefit of the employee under any law for the time being in force; and
Notice of the deposit shall be given through the Court by the defendant to the plaintiff, and the amount of the deposit shall (unless the Court otherwise directs) be paid to the plaintiff on his application.
II (a) For the purposes of this section, a purchaser of property at a sale in execution of a decree shall be deemed to be a party to the suit in which the decree is passed; and
(2) Where a person applies under rule 90 to set aside the sale of his immovable property, he shall not, unless he withdraws his application, be entitled to make or prosecute an application under this rule.
Reasonable notice must be given of such revocation or renunciation, otherwise the damage thereby resulting to the principal or the agent, as the case may be, must be made good to the one by the other.
The employer therefore became liable to pay the compensation as soon as the aforesaid personal injury was caused to the workman by the accident which admittedly arose out of and in the course of the employment.
The bailee, in the absence of any special contract, is not responsible for the loss, destruction or deterioration of the thing bailed, if he has taken the amount of care of it described in section 151.
9. It also appears from the evidence on record that the appellant-accused had come at the house of the informant and that too with an axe, only with a view to commit murder of the deceased.
As a matter of fact, the occurrence did not take place in the manner presented by the prosecution as such, they may be acquitted by setting aside the judgment of their conviction and order of sentence.
It can at best be done by an independent investigation agency, like C.B.I. Hence, the State shall have no objection, if the matter is handed over to the C.B.I. for enquiry by the Hon'ble High Court.
The petitioner, Fatima Bibi is a boundary raiyat on the southern side whereas on the northern extremity of the disputed land which is having large area boundary raiyat is one Samsuddin Ansari and not the preemptor.
The allegations of appellant appears against the respondent of cruelty whereas the respondent's allegations as levelled in her reply to the divorce petition is of cruelty against the respondent by the appellant and his family members.
The doctor (PW10) who has conducted postmortem examination on the dead body of the deceased, has found ligature mark on the neck of the deceased and the same was said to be the cause of death.
at 6.30 A.M. , the deceased Nand Kishore Singh arrived at the field where a quarrel had taken place between the deceased on one side and the appellant on the other and his father and son .
( VI ) The evidence produced by the defendant is not a matter of discussion in the judgment but the trial court has recorded its findings only on the basis of the evidence of the plaintiff .
every Government Department shall aim to consider and dispose of the claim of the candidate / applicant / employee / citizen , if the claim is found to be covered by any judgment of the Court .
after the death of Bipat Mahat and his two cousins , there was a partition between the two sons of the wealthy Mahat , Vilas Mahas and Bulkan Mahat , who were brought by mutual compromise .
provided that a Public Prosecutor or an Additional Public Prosecutor appointed for one district may also be appointed a Public Prosecutor or an Additional Public Prosecutor , as the case may be , for another district .
27- I do not agree with the submission of learned counsel for the petitioners that there exists a regular cadre of the prosecuting officer going up to the level of the Public Prosecutor at the head .
the licences granted under the Act before the 2001 order issued by the Government of India were governed by the order of 1984 issued in exercise of the power conferred by Section 3 of the Act .
11- In this view of the matter and in view of the submissions advanced on behalf of the appellant , I do not find that there is any material question of law involved in the appeal .
it is the case of the plaintiff that the lands in dispute were recorded in equal shares the names of Lakshman Dushyah and Lakshu Dosha , who were in possession as separate members of the family .
during the course of cross examination , the witness was relevant about the activities of both of them and the details of dress etc . , one of which was identified by him as Raghunatha Nata .
in the opinion of the Hon'ble Court , the District Judge being a Court under the Code of Civil Procedure , the Limitation Act shall apply to the applications made to the District Judge .
V . whether the property attached in Execution Case No. 78 of 1959 is only the separate properties of the plaintiff or the defendant No. 2 was also in possession on the day of the attachment ?
there is no joint family of the plaintiffs on the one hand and defendants No. 1 to 5 on the other side , nor the properties are in the possession of the plaintiffs with these defendants .
4- On a cogent analysis of the materials , the learned Magistrate was of the opinion that the witnesses had different statements , there was a land dispute between the parties and the allegation was false .
for the aforesaid reasons , I find sufficient merit in the submission of the petitioner that the impugned order in the writ petition as well as the election petition itself deserves to be quashed / rejected .
the informant , Narora , came back to the village and saw the dead body of his elder brother , which was kept at a post situated in the west of Sarju Sah's house .
however , where the property is charged by the payment of the amount of the decree , the appropriate manner of recovering the amount of the decree is to obtain an absolute decree for the sale .
he has relied on the decision of the Hon'ble Supreme Court in the case of All India Judge Association and others vs. Union of India and others , ( AIR 1993 SC 2493 ) .
it also appears from the fardbayan of the co - passengers , a fake simpler version , that the Dhulian Patyser train reached Simia Station at 7 : 00 hours on 11 . 2 . 1998 .
the decisions cited by the learned counsel for the appellant are not helpful in the facts and circumstances of the present case as FIR is registered by the appellant on the basis of a telephonic message .
thus , the matter of the Investigating Officer as well as for taking evidence is required to be remanded to the learned trial court so that the station diary entry can also be brought on record .
2 . with effect from 1st September , 2005 , the Pension Rules for the time being in force has been modified in the State of Bihar under the Government notification dated 31st August , 2005 .
Hon'ble NAVIN Sinha and Development Jain , JJ . State of Bihar and Ors . Vs . Shankar Tiwari and Ors . LPA no . 320 of 2013 . decided on 14th February , 2014 .
Hon'ble NAVIN Sinha and ASABUDDIN ARAM , JJ . Renu Kumari and Anr . Vs . State of Bihar and Ors . LA . No. 599 of 2013 . decided on 28th November , 2013 .
it is the reasoning of the learned senior counsel that the findings of the trial court being contrary to the evidence available on record , the judgment of conviction and the order of acquittal is untenable .
Panchayat is the employer's panchayat of the friend , the employer is the competent authority to maintain his personnel in the service / to extend the length of service / to remove from service .
the uncle father-in-law was dead as a result of a single blow by the uncle of the girl in a fight brought about by an alleged quarrel between the mother - in - law and daughter-in-law .
it is thus to be seen whether the issue of apology in the height of the building in the light of the arguments advanced by the parties requires any reconsideration on the case of the petitioner .
however , in view of injury sustained on the body of the deceased , this story of running after a hundred yards is improbable and is not admissible and it is not correct in the prosecution .
8- In the result , the appeal presented is found to be compelling and , on account of this , the judgment of conviction and sentence imposed by the learned lower Court is hereby set aside .
the names of the real culprits , the role played by them and the names of the eye-witnesses present at the scene of occurrence have also to be obtained in those whom the crime was committed .
after such a long delay , it is apparent , on account of the filing of the complaint case and also from the contents of the complaint petition , that the complainant did not come abysmally .
according to the learned counsel , the specific finding of the defendant is that there was death in the joint of Sunder Thakur , hence , the case of the plaintiff was accepted by the defendants .
if she had no separate property , then as per sub-section ( 2 ) of section 3 , the widow shall have the same interest under sub-section ( 3 ) of section 3 as her husband .
this petition has been filed under Article 226 of the Constitution by one Sacha Nand Sharma , an ex - employee of the Government of Bihar for the time being CWJC No.3727 of 2009 4- Bihar .
accordingly , it is argued that on the day of the accident , the appellant was not the actual owner but was the actual owner of the vehicle , namely , Manish Kumar and Lakhi Rai .
Hon'ble Shivaji Pandey , J. Hon'ble Shri Dharambal Devi and another vs. State of Bihar and Ors . , reported in WJC No. 10633 of 2013 . decided on 22nd Okker , 2014 .
he also disclosed the boundary of the disputed land in the North as a pond in the North , Rama Songarth Rai in the South , in the east as also the road to the west .
thus , according to the petitioner , the order of rejection of the claim of the petitioner for reimbursement of the amount of medical papers was arbitrary and the interference by the learned Tribunal was justified .
now , therefore , if the property was not dedicated to the deity , it had become the personal property of the old , namely , the Shivtardar , i . e . , the mohnagiri .
it also required that on a presentation by a messenger to the Treasury / Subordinate Treasuries , the clerk of a treasurer / Subordinate Treasurer shall put his signature with the date under a column 7 .
case of the plaintiff that the suit land was endowment with him by the erstwhile land owner who had filed the return in favour of the plaintiff on the basis of which the register was registered .
there is no evidence on record regarding the possession of the land at the time of occupation of the land at the time of tenancy of the tune of Rs . 1,00,000 / - per katta .
the said amount , i.e. , the claim of the total amount was decided to be paid with seven per cent annual interest from the date of filing of the case till the date of recovery .
Hon'ble Novel Prasad Singh , J. Hon'ble Ram Janaki and Anr . vs State of Bihar and Ors . , CWJC No. 8313 of 1995 . decided on 9th July , 2015 .
in the case of Mohd . Haneef Kureshi ( supra ) , though there was restriction on all the animals , it was not held to be unconstitutional as the restriction was for a limited period .
even for personal consumption all persons who are otherwise belonging to legitimate stock will become , on the next day , themselves , guilty in contravention of the law in which the beverage is a corporation .
( 4 ) Every appeal preferred in sub-section ( 1 ) shall be disposed of , as far as may be , within a period of three months from the date of admission of the appeal .
even A / 1 was proved to be the semen and blood of the human blood , which was group B , was the group B of human blood marked as Ex . A / 2 .
at the post - graduate level , a relaxation of 5 % in points from 55 % to 50 % for SC / ST category , i . e . , 5 % will be provided .
however , it is better to remember the well-known proverbs that the greater the power , the greater the greater the power it uses , the greater the degree of care and caution in its use .
there is no different character in the present case and the law laid down by the Hon'ble Supreme Court in the case of Priyanka Shrivastav ( supra ) is fully applicable in the present case .
it is further the case of the petitioner that he is not a non-social element but is an elected member of the District Council , Buxar , District Council of Rajpur Eastern Region in Buxar District .
Hon'ble Anjana Prakash and Rajendra Kumar Mishra , Hon'ble Wmilk Nath Guru vs. State of Bihar Criminal Appeal ( DB ) No. 786 of 2013 . decided on 16th March , 2016 .
the Registry is directed to send a copy of the judgment along with the copy of the entire record of the case for necessary action , to the Secretary , State Advocate Council of Bihar immediately .
in the tort , it is enough for the defendant to show that the level of caution and skill acquired was the level of a general competent medical practitioner using the general level of occupational skills .
the aforesaid situation had persisted for quite a long time and , as a result , the education of the children was also affected as they had remained absent from their school for about six months .
in this regard , it would be relevant to see the averments made in the counter affidavit filed on behalf of the Superintendent of Police , East Champaran , Motihari ( opposite party No. 2 ) .
there is sufficient material on record to arrive at a conclusion , including Ex . 8 , that the situation prevailing after the incident was one which had prevented the notice from lodging a written report .
( b ) while the act to which the agreement to do is such that the compensation for its non - performance by way of money does not dispense with the relief sought to be made .
since the provision of compensation in the Railway Act is a beneficial component of the legislation , in our opinion , it should have a liberal and wide interpretation and not a narrow and technical interpretation .
the argument is that even the finding of the Juvenile Justice Board and the Appellate Court is not on the basis of the Propolliner office or any report received from the Investigating Officer of the case .
according to the law , on the death of the father of five brothers , the property will be given to five brothers according to PostScript , i.e. , every brother will have an equal share .
the Orchestra was being beaten in the south-eastern part of the compound , while the informant and his brother were sitting in front of the dais where the shot was fired at his brother Harendra Singh .
on the order of retrenchment passed by the company in respect of such illegal lock - out and 14 workmen , an industrial dispute was raised and the aforesaid reference was made by the competent authority .
Hon'ble Novel Prasad Singh and Jitendra Mohan Sharma , JJ . Rishi Kamal Versus State of Bihar and Ors . vs . W.JC No. 1155 of 2016 . decided on 17th November , 2016 .
had there been a proper calculation , then in that case , no acquisition other than the investigative sources would have been duly unearthed to which the prosecution submitted would not have been able to hold .
Section 7 of the 1952 Act empowers the Central Government to amend or alter a scheme , whether prospectively or retrospectively , as the case may be , of the Pension Scheme or the Insurance Scheme .
according to him , the second place of the incident is the tenanted premises of the accused / appellant , which is the house of Ashok Rahimani ( unlooked ) from where the same was seized .
4- In support of the plea , learned counsel for the petitioner has submitted that the impugned order is against the spirit of law and the reasons for the same are liable to be set aside .
while , the State of Bihar has provided for compensation of Rs . 25 , 000 / - in such a scheme , the State of Rajasthan has provided for compensation of Rs . 2 lakhs .
37- Third , it appears to me that the lodging of the complaint case by the police as a result of the arrest of the petitioner in a case of murder is mala fide and vindictive .
Hon'ble NAVALI Prasad Singh and Jitendra Mohan Sharma , JJ . Smt . Jyotsana Singh vs . Shri Justice Vikrant MGD . Appeal No. 94 of 2015 . decided on 28th November , 2016 .
the petitioner no . 1 along with other accused persons had demanded a sum of Rs . 1 lac which could not be met by the members of the complaint of opposite party no . 2 .
it is in this view of the matter that the accused or the other person cannot be deprived of hearing in view of the express provision contained in Section 401 ( 2 ) of the Code .
( 4 ) Every appeal preferred in sub-section ( 1 ) shall be disposed of , as far as may be , within a period of three months from the date of admission of the appeal .
(5) Subject to the provisions of any law made by Parliament, the conditions of service and tenure of office of the Election Commissioners and the Regional Commissioners shall be such as the President may by rule determine:
(c) the reports which a political party shall furnish with regard to admission to such political party of any members of the House and the officer of the House to whom such reports shall be furnished; and
(e) in paragraph 5, the words or the Chairman or the Deputy Chairman of the Legislative Council of a State or the Speaker or the Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of a State shall be omitted;
(d) in paragraph 5, the words or the Chairman or the Deputy Chairman of the Legislative Council of a State or the Speaker or the Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of a State shall be omitted;
(m) the remuneration paid by the fund to an eligible fund manager in respect of fund management activity undertaken by him on its behalf is not less than the arm's length price of the said activity :
(8B) in the case of an individual who is assigned to duties in India in connection with any technical assistance programme and project in accordance with an agreement entered into by the Central Government and the agency 
Provided that for the assessment year commencing on the 1st day of April, 1972, the annual value of every such palace in the occupation of such Ruler during the relevant previous year shall be exempt from income-tax;
(23EE) any specified income of such Core Settlement Guarantee Fund, set up by a recognised clearing corporation in accordance with the regulations, as the Central Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, specify in this behalf:
(44) any income received by any person for, or on behalf of, the New Pension System Trust established on the 27th day of February, 2008 under the provisions of the Indian Trusts Act, 1882 (2 of 1882);
(ii) the provisions of this section shall, as far as may be, apply to the resulting company as they would have applied to the demerged company, if the latter had not sold or otherwise transferred the rights.
(vid) any transfer or issue of shares by the resulting company, in a scheme of demerger to the shareholders of the demerged company if the transfer or issue is made in consideration of demerger of the undertaking;
(e) the total sales, turnover or gross receipts in the business of the company in any of the three previous years preceding the previous year in which the conversion takes place does not exceed sixty lakh rupees;
(a) if the cost of the long-term specified asset is not less than the capital gain arising from the transfer of the original asset, the whole of such capital gain shall not be charged under section 45;
(b) if the amount of the net consideration is equal to or less than the cost of the new asset, the capital gain shall not be charged under section 45 as the income of the previous year.
(i) the accumulated loss or unabsorbed depreciation of the demerged co-operative bank if the whole of the amount of such loss or unabsorbed depreciation is directly relatable to the undertakings transferred to the resulting co-operative bank; or
(a) whole of the amount paid to effect or to keep in force an insurance on the health of any member of that Hindu undivided family as does not exceed in the aggregate twenty-five thousand rupees; and
(iiig) the Maharashtra Chief Minister's Relief Fund during the period beginning on the 1st day of October, 1993 and ending on the 6th day of October, 1993 or to the Chief Minister's Earthquake Relief Fund, Maharashtra; or
Provided that in the case of an assessee, being a co-operative society, the provisions of this sub-section shall have effect as if for the words "seven assessment years", the words "nine assessment years" had been substituted :
(c) plastic carry bags of less than 20 microns as specified by the Ministry of Environment and Forests vide Notification No. S.O. 705(E), dated the 2nd September, 1999 and S.O. 698(E), dated the 17th June, 2003; and
An authority is said to be implied when it is to be inferred from the circumstances of the case; and things spoken or written, or the ordinary course of dealing, may be accounted circumstances of the case.
Be it noted, there was no question put in the cross- examination to PW30-Investigating Officer, as to why he did not chose to examine PWs 2, 3 and 4 immediately at the time of inquest or thereafter.
The Court shall determine, at the time of issuing the summons, whether it shall be for the settlement of issues only, or for the final disposal of the suit; and the summons shall contain a direction accordingly:
4. It appears that the progress and completion of the work under the scheme i.e. the Pradhanmantri Gram Sadak Yozna is required to be done as per the schedule, though there is provision for extension of time.
There are about 108 sale deeds, under which big properties have been purchased by the petitioner in his name and in the name of his wife and relatives and also in the name of the said Company.
Accordingly, as per the case of the petitioner, the petitioner in terms and conditions of OTS Scheme did deposit application along with 25% of he amount outstanding on 1.9.2010 well within the time stipulated under the scheme.
3 . subject to altered circumstances , the submission of the bar was mainly confined to the point of jurisdiction to entertain an appeal under Section 25B of the Act and the maintainability of this writ application .
advocate , M / s , Anr , indicar , GOG , Gigroh , N . JHa , Amateur Kyeh , Osmelter , App . , App . N . , Apan4 , Mr . and Ors .
on the basis of aforesaid discussions , I am of the opinion that the impugned judgment of conviction and sentence of conviction cannot be sustained in the eyes of law and it deserves to be set aside .
for the reasons aforementioned , the judgments and decrees of the Courts below do not suffer from any infirmity on the issue of court fees nor on the issue of Section 34 of the Specific Relief Act .
11- So far as the other two decisions , i . e . , AIR 1958 Patna 550 and AIR 1992 Patna 40 are concerned , they are not applicable to the facts of the present case .
the question would be whether the cause of the proceedings available to the plaintiff on the date of institution of the suit would be available to his present legal representatives on the death of the original plaintiff .
the trial court had also framed charges under the relevant provisions of Section 376 of the Indian Penal Code ( for short the Code ) as well as the SC / ST Act .
( VI ) Whether Rajneesh Bharati , the elder son of the plaintiff is unemployed and whether the plaintiff wants to establish her in the suit premises in the business of seed , insecticide and agricultural implements ?
it is quite impossible for the court to go to the question area , to inspect the land and to hear the various participants and , in fact , re-review the Commissioner's decision on facts .
in case of failure , the petitioner would also be entitled to simple interest at the rate of 12 % annual interest , which will be reckoned from this date till the date of its final payment .
on the question of pay scale , a large number of cases have been coming up in the High Court , which are to be entitled for Assistant Teachers in the basic schools of Bihar in scale .
it is the result of innovation , the new tools with the court that are the guardians of civil liberty of the citizens and will ensure protection against the tragic consequences of the action of the State .
it is in this circumstance that the plaintiff had approached the Court by filing a suit for declaration of title and recovery of possession in respect of the property as described in Schedule 1 to the plaint .
the whole story of a will has been prepared by the mother to somehow prevent the gift of property to her daughter , who was the only heir to the interests of Madhuban Chaudhuri and his property .
the option of the Court to reach a proper conclusion with regard to the nature of evidence led by the parties and also to go in inherent improbabilities of the case shall be open to the Court .
( b ) contributory Provident Fund - cum - gratuity - The scheme in which the employer's contribution to the provident fund shall be limited to 8 per cent of the employee's salary .
it has been stated that the plaintiff is a wealthy house owner and the bona fide requirement laid down is , in fact , an excuse only for driving out the defendant without there being any requirement .
7- A copy of this order be sent forthwith by the Registrar General of this Court to all the Universities , Advocate General , Bihar and the statutory consultants of Bihar for their grievance and necessary action .
( 1 ) . the witnesses say that while you were engaged in playing a lute in Nishlegitimate , Lakshmana Singh was killed by lathi on his chest and with his blows he died on the spot .
he also took a plea that at the time of vesting of the zamindari , the former zamindar had filed the statement in respect of the suit property in the name of Kalika Chobe and Dalasagar Chobe .
the ratio laid down in the aforesaid two judgments is corroborated by a Division Bench of this Court in the case of Balbhadra Prasad Singh vs. State of Bihar (2010 ( 3 ) PLJR 27 ) .
again , the involvement of the three acquitted accused persons , namely , Makhdum Ravindu Das , Nardmani Ravidas and Bhoole Ravichar , who allegedly had caught hold of the deceased from behind , was also rejected .
the first was of the year 1974 ; the second incident was of 1975 ; the next three events were of 1977 , and the remaining events were of the year 1978 , except the last event .
at that time , Vishwanath Thakur and Arun Kumar Sharma took a bag of Rs . 29285 / - in cash as well as a cheque of Rs . 12534 / - which were at the chowki .
it is also not the case of the respondent that the General Manager of the Project was not a party to the compromise or was not a party to the application under Section 34 of the Act .
in the first FIR , the investigation of both the priorities must be conducted , in the event of the accused appearing together with a different party or a counter claim in respect of the same incident .
according to the plaintiff , the late Nawab Abdul Bahab Khan was a zamindar and three brothers namely Sheikh Abdul Sattar , Sheikh Abdul Hai and rest Abdul Haq were tenants in possession of the suit land .
when there were a number of lock at the door of the accused , with the help of the police villagers , opening the door and went inside the house of Krishan Kumar Choudhary ( accused ) .
in the case of Mohd . Ramzan Khan ( 1991 ) 1 SCC 588 , the judgment of the Hon'ble Supreme Court made it imperative to supply / supply the enquiry report to the delinquent .
the power to vary or cancel a settlement as such is with the State Government and the District Magistrate has no such provision as Section 35 in respect of any contracts entered into by the District Magistrate .
Hon'ble NAVALRAM Singh , J. M / s . Asterok Home Private Limited and another Vs . State of Bihar and Ors . , CWJC No. 23845 of 2013 . decided on 10th December , 2013 .
an award of any satisfaction by a Lok Adalat , contrary to the statutory provisions arising out of a pre reference , would clearly attract the applicability of the directions in ( Naval Kishore Singh ) .
according to the learned Single Judge , on account of the holding of the post of Assistant Engineer by the petitioner for a period of 23 years , it cannot be said to be a provisional arrangement .
( I ) But Panchayat Education Mitra employed in the light of previous circulars , orders , instructions and working in the light of that , will be considered employed as Panchayat Teacher under this Rules . 
consequently proceedings under Section 3 of the Representation of the People's Land Acquisition Act , launched by the Executive Officer Chara are quashed - The Case No. 5 / 1991 - 92 are also quashed .
hence , I find that the sale deed was acted upon and therefore , the delivery of four annas of the property , that is to say , John BX was made to Hussain's trustee .
Hon'ble Mhir Kumar Jha , J. Md . Maruf - Azam and Anr . vs State of Bihar and Ors . , reported in CWJC No. 13356 of 2013 . decided on 16th May , 2014 .
the respondents No. 2 , 3 and 4 respectively in the said Janardan Singh , Rajiv Singh and Ranjil Singh are the respondents in the present second appeal while plaintiff- Prafulla Chandra Gupta is respondent No. 1 .
in fact , even according to the written arguments submitted on behalf of the respondents , even treated as measured from the level of the road , the height of the building will increase to 54 centimeters .
similarly , even where a police officer does not record the information at all and does not inform the higher officer at all , it will also be a clear violation of Section 42 of the Act .
2 . the District Council is vested with the District Council on a fairly large portion of the land between the railway station on the one hand and the road to the railway station on the other .
now , undisputedly , except in the Aliwal district of Bihar , besides the other revenue districts of the State of Bihar , family courts and judicial systems have also been established in the district of Sheikhpura .
the properties allotted to the defendants are mentioned in Schedule 2 ( a ) of the written statement and the properties allotted to the plaintiffs are mentioned in Schedule 2 ( b ) of the written statement .
he submits that in view of the provisions contained in the Act also in view of the provisions contained in the Act , the registered owner is required to indemnify the claimant in the case of accident .
the said resolution has not been made applicable to persons employed in the Government of Bihar on deputation from public sector organisations or to employees working in day - to - day salaried or re - employment .
in this view of the matter , according to the learned counsel , it cannot be said that the assets acquired in the settlement by the execution of registered pigeons are the properties of the joint family .
this is the consequential action of terminating the said direction issued by the State Government and service rendered by the Regional Director of Animal Husbandry , which is the subject matter of challenge in every writ petition .
in the same paragraph , he denied the suggestion that on the day of occurrence also the Investigating Officer had come to the village of the place of occurrence and that he was concealing the said fact .
when we return to the cross examination , the question is directly put to him that he was well known to the deceased accused Ramanuja Singh and appellant Dina Nath Singh as he was a close relative .
in the facts and circumstances of the case , within the aforesaid period of three months , I impose the cost of Rs . 1 lac to the petitioner to be paid by the State of Bihar .
the presence of Arsad Mian at the place of incident in the evening , who is concerned with the deceased and is at a distance of 22 kms from the place of incident , is also doubtful .
however , the learned Tribunal has calculated the compensation amount on the basis of the income of the deceased , which was the branch manager in North Bihar Regional Rural Bank at the time of the accident .
therefore , even when there is admission on behalf of the defendant , the plaintiff would not be free from the need to prove the disputed facts , if such a direction is given by the Court .
in this regard , every case , before making provision for reservation to the concerned State , must show the compelling reasons , namely , backwardness , inadequacy of representation and the existence of overall administrative efficiency .
these judgments are relevant to the extent that they define the power of the Court at the stage of the charge and , therefore , it is necessary to bear in mind the same as the guidelines .
2- In this very stage , for the final disposal of the writ petition , I have heard the learned counsel for the petitioner as well as the learned counsel for the State and perused the records .
in such a view of the matter it is very difficult to record any finding regarding convenience of the parties on these common grounds or the valuation of the property or the allotment made by the road .
it has come to the notice of the learned Single Judge that cancellation had taken place on the basis of Panchayat Elections 2006 which started and also that the petitioner was an accused in a criminal case .
in the event of reaching a conclusion of Juvenile Justice Board that the petitioner was not a juvenile on the day of occurrence , it shall transfer the record of the case to the Court of Session .
the first possibility is through the western part allotted to her mother - in - law and the second is likely to go through the portion of the building allotted to her husband in the eastern part .
in other words , there was a ban on the right of the widow to transfer the property and for that reason the same was called the life estate of a limited owner or a widow .
from a perusal of the entire evidence led by the plaintiff as well as by the defendants , I am of the opinion that the witnesses of the plaintiff-petitioner have not been able to prove the same .
learned counsel for the respondents has placed reliance on para 37 of the judgment of the culprit ( supra ) , reliance has also been placed on the same judgment by the learned counsel for the appellant .
the definition of non social element as contained in Section 2 ( d ) of the Act reads as follows : " 2 ( d ) " an antisocial element means a person who is
( IV ) In the event of non-prosecution of other joint operators , it would not be appropriate for the court / tribunal to hold the boundary of joint negligence of the drivers of the two vehicles .
31- On the facts of the case in hand and also on the principles laid down by the Apex Court , I am of the opinion that the filing of the complaint is mala fide and perverse .
10 . now on coming to the present incident , it is apparent from the petition that the vehicle in question was engaged in agricultural work , which is available on the record of the court below .
he had received his passport within one and a half months but the copy of the voter identity card and the PAN card had not been returned and the same was kept by Yogesh Mishra as aforesaid .
in the opinion of the doctor , the time passed after death was 36 hours and the cause of shock death caused by injury to a very vital organ like the brain was the result of death .
on consideration of the pleadings of the parties , the writ court had held that oral partition of the books property is permissible and there is a valid partition and there is no requirement of any document .
in the event of such entry on the date of birth , the date of birth therein , is considered to be final and inconclusive , and no reliance is to be placed on any other material .
Hon'ble Shri Prakash Chandra Jaiswal , J. Hon'ble Shri Marathinissa Vs . Mandal Manager , Bihar State Road Transport Corporation , Misc . Appeal No. 684 of 2012 . decided on 13th August , 2017 .
( III ) On the same day , they had conducted post mortem examination on the body of Sarita Devi in Aparan at about 2 . 20 p.m. and found the following external injuries on her person :
in the meantime , Pyare Tiwari ( his victim ) had raised a hue and cry wherefrom they had run towards him and had been able to put out the fire and bring it to their house .
in view of Section 141 of the Code of Civil Procedure , the appeals to be filed in the High Court shall apply the procedure for filing an appeal as provided under the Code of Civil Procedure .
The executive power of the Union and of each State shall extend to the carrying on of any trade or business and to the acquisition, holding and disposal of property and the making of contracts for any purpose:
(a) a Proclamation of Emergency is in operation, in the whole of India or, as the case may be, in the whole or any part of the State, at the time of the passing of such resolution, and
(2) It shall be the duty of the Tribes Advisory Council to advise on such matters pertaining to the welfare and advancement of the Scheduled Tribes in the State as may be referred to them by the Governor1.
56. Regulation and development of inter-State rivers and river valleys to the extent to which such regulation and development under the control of the Union is declared by Parliament by law to be expedient in the public interest.
87. The Representation of the People Act, 1951 (Central Act 43 of 1951), the Representation of the People (Amendment) Act, 1974 (Central Act 58 of 1974) and the Election Laws (Amendment) Act, 1975 (Central Act 40 of 1975).;
(c) the expression "Securities and Exchange Board of India" shall have the meaning assigned to it in clause (a) of sub-section (1) of section 2 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (15 of 1992);
(49) any income of the National Financial Holdings Company Limited, being a company set up by the Central Government, of any previous year relevant to any assessment year commencing on or before the 1st day of April, 2014;
Explanation. The provisions of Explanation 1 and Explanation 2 to sub- section (2) of section 80-I shall apply for the purposes of clause (iii) of this sub-section as they apply for the purposes of clause (ii) of that sub-section.
Explanation. For the purposes of this proviso, "district of Darjeeling" means the district of Darjeeling as on the 28th day of February, 1981, being the date of introduction of the Finance Bill, 1981, in the House of the People.
(ii) the provisions of this section shall, as far as may be, apply to the amalgamated company as they would have applied to the amalgamating company if the latter had not so sold or otherwise transferred the asset.
(ii) the provisions of this section shall, as far as may be, apply to the amalgamated company as they would have applied to the amalgamating company if the latter had not so sold or otherwise transferred the rights.
(ii) special series of units of the Unit Trust of India established under the Unit Trust of India Act, 1963 (52 of 1963), which the Central Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, specify in this behalf;
(a) if the cost of the long-term specified asset is not less than the capital gain arising from the transfer of the original asset, the whole of such capital gain shall not be charged under section 45 ;
(e) any sum paid by the assessee in the previous year to the National Urban Poverty Eradication Fund set up and notified by the Central Government for the purposes of clause (d) of sub-section (1) of section 35CCA.
The Court to which a decree is sent for execution shall certify to the Court which passed it the fact of such execution, or where the former Court fails to execute the same the circumstances attending such failure.
They have reached their house at about 5 p.m. and in the evening at about 8.30 p.m., the Inspector of Pothanur police inquired from him as to what he had seen in the morning of that fateful day.
Mere forbearance on the part of the creditor to sue the principal debtor or to enforce any other remedy against him does not, in the absence of any provision in the guarantee to the contrary, discharge the surety.
In this clause, tribal areas  means the territories which, immediately before the 21st day of January, 1972, were included in the tribal areas of Assam as referred to in paragraph 20 of the Sixth Schedule to the Constitution.
10. It is needless to say that the High Power Committee while making enquiry will be giving opportunity to the petitioner to have his say in the matter and to produce all the relevant documents before the Committee.
In view of such finding of the Investigating Officer in the case diary made in course of investigation of the case suggested the innocence of the petitioners and their criminal prosecution would amount to gross miscarriage of justice.
6. It is clear from the above extracted portion that the Dalpaties would not get any benefit of the past services rendered by them and they will not get any pecuniary benefit prior to the date of reappointment.
7. Mr.T.N. Verma, the counsel of the Vigilance, submits that the petitioner was the Circle Officer at the relevant period and he was the person, whose duty was to enquire the every detail of the lands in question.
From the above provisions it will clearly reveal that it is the duty of the employee to attend the office and if he wants to take leave then it is the duty of the employee to seek leave.
She was treated well there for quite some time, but thereafter the accused petitioner began to tease her intentionally and put her in the night shift so that finding her alone, he would gawk and smirk at her.
in his examination in chief , he did not mention the fact that the informator of PW1 had handed over to him feudal exhibit only as soon as the Investigating Officer of his case became the Investigating Officer .
according to the learned counsel for the appellant , in a report made , all the witnesses including the informant of the case were eye witnesses and they had abandoned the prosecution case set out before the police .
a copy of the decision may be sent to the Chairman , Hindu Religious Trust , Patna , or to be handed over to the Ritner Advocate , Mr . Ganapati Trivedi , learned Advocate for the Board .
heard Mr. Abbas Hyder , learned counsel appearing on behalf of the appellant and Mr. Manoj Kumar , learned counsel appearing on behalf of the respondent , under Order 41 Rule 11 of the Code of Civil Procedure .
the power of the Commissioner to review the decision of the Commissioner on facts is a case of a subordinate Judge , and their view on facts is final , on facts , as a first appellate decision .
therefore , this was the reasonable time of the transfer of the petitioner on account of the presence of the Rules , the authorities having power and living in the Patna Circle of the petitioner for 33 years .
2013 ( 1 ) BLJ a . ab . Section 406 of the Indian Penal Code relates to punishment for criminal contravention of the trust which has been defined in Section 405 of the Indian Penal Code .
in the case of the Public Prosecutor being a regular Cadre of the Public Prosecutor , the State Government had no option but to engage the Public Prosecutor and the Additional Public Prosecutor from among the prosecution functionaries .
learned counsel for the petitioner is right in his submission that the procedure and mode of imposing liability and the recovery thereof such as in Clause 10 ( ix ) and Clause 17 above is to be found .
in this regard , he has referred to the judgment of this Court in the case of Ajit Kumar and Anr. vs. State of Bihar and Ors . , 2005 ( 2 ) PLJR 252 , reported in .
the mere non - identification of probate case as a suit would not take away the benefit of the judgment by holding the judgment to be vitiated , as is the case of the counsel for the appellants .
17- In the above view of the matter , we are of the opinion that the impugned decision of the Board to cancel the nominations of the petitioners in the concerned courses cannot be said to be just .
the reason behind the alleged incident as disclosed by the PW3 is that in the year 1997 , the appellants Mandal and Cheta Ram had caused the murder of one brother to him by name Madan Kumar Singh .
from a perusal of the judgment of the Trial Court as well as the First Appellate Court , it would appear that both the oral and documentary evidence have been taken into account before arriving at the findings .
which has been disposed of by the Chief General Manager of the respondent bank , being the appellate authority , by the impugned reasoned and annuation appellate order ( Annexure - 8 ) dated April 3 , 2002 .
on facts of the case , we are of the opinion that at the time when approval was granted , he was at the time before recommendation of the Departmental Promotion Committee before the superannuation of the petitioner .
there seems to be some controversy between them because for the last one and a half years , i.e. since the deceased came to Domaddih in her husband's house , there was no conversation between them .
it could not be referred to in the course of cross examination in terms of the judgment of the learned trial court that the finding of the trial court was based on the alleged conduct of the defendant-appellants .
( I ) a school established and administered by the District Board and the District Council under the provisions of the Bihar and Odisha Local Self Government Act , 1885 ( Bengal Act , 2 of 1885 ) .
in other words , the Limitation Act has been held to be applicable to the proceedings filed before the Courts under the Code of Civil Procedure , but there is also a deviation from the above established law .
hence , there is contradiction in the statements of the witnesses and there is variation in their evidence , hence , on the basis of contradictory statement , the conviction is not sustainable in the eye of law .
it is to be borne in mind that it is only on the basis of suspicion that Ram Narayan , village Sarpanch , had made sure that the life of five persons , would come to an end .
( xix ) The brother-in-law of the deceased , and the electric thereof , were simple , claimed to have died during the pendency of the proceedings before the Tribunal , as such , could not be examined .
7 . the principles set up by the aforesaid special bench judgment of this Court have been reinforced by the Hon'ble Supreme Court in the case of Ram Narain Sharma vs. State of Bihar ( supra ) .
subsequently , an amendment has been made by the claimants by packing sixty with the owner of the vehicle that the terms of the bus involved in the incident were No . BR - 1 P / 2786 .
according to him , the findings arrived at by the courts below on the point of receipt of amount of compensation arising out of acquisition of land under the Land Acquisition Act are based on conjectures and surmises .
the District Council was an exclusive depository of the same power with regard to the settlement work done by the District Magistrate in one of the Naghats disposed of by him under Section 35 of the Naghat Act .
we shall not take the challenge to the legitimacy of the adoption of the plaintiff No.1 by his adoptive father late Basdeo Narayan Tiwari at the request of the alleged heirs in the interest of the deceased respondent .
on a conjoint reading of the aforesaid clauses of the advertisement it is apparent that the appointment of the pharmacists in question has to be registered with the Diploma in pharmacy and in the Bihar State of Pharmacy .
advocate . - M / s R and D Pruded Sigers , R and G - Kare , Financial Institutions , FY and Notifications , Mr Pro - State , Mr Pro - on , FO . I .
while , the Tribunal has taken 15 as a feature on the basis of the age of the mother , who is the dependents of the victim , who has been found to be 45 years of age .
in the case of Vijay Kumar Singh Vs . State of Bihar and Ors . ( supra ) , the challenge in the Panchayat was to the reservation of 50 % for women provided by the State Government .
( 4 ) All matters except as otherwise provided in this Act as required for decision in the sitting of the Municipality shall be determined by a majority of the votes of the persons producing and voting . 
the plaintiffs and the defendants are members of the joint Hindu family and the properties mentioned in Schedule A and A / 1 of the plaint are the properties of the plaintiffs and the defendants' joint family .
if any such application is filed , the competent authority shall take necessary steps , as soon as may be , under the Act , preferably within one month , in the light of the rule / provision .
as per the prosecution case , the complainant had a business relationship with M / s Swaroop Chemicals Private Limited incorporated under the Indian Companies Act , 1956 , the accused persons are the occupants and the employees .
at that time , Farasa Jha was armed with a farsa , Rudrakar Jha was armed with an arrow , Bhaskar Jha was armed with a pistol , Satyanarayan Jha , Pappu Jha was armed with a Lathi .
in para 11 , he admitted to purchase the land from the sons of Laxmi Kant Jha on the same day by the accused from the same survey plot number on which day he too purchased the land .
in view of the above , we are of the opinion that the issue of non explanation of the injuries on the person of the accused has not been considered by the High Court in the correct perspective .
without there being any explanation in this regard as to what had happened to the original sale deed , the plaintiffs had got the attested copy of the sale deed in this suit marked as Ex . 4 .
while the injury on the left paraffyto occipital region of the said deceased was found to be grievous , the remaining injuries were mere bruises , which could have been caused due to fall on the hard object .
L . Narasimha Reddy , Chief Justice . - is also wondering to mention that on an average two cases are going on in the High Court under the name of every teacher in the State of Bihar .
it was also the case of the plaintiff that at the time of vesting the return was furnished by the former landlord in the name of the plaintiff and thereafter the name of the plaintiff was also registered .
in my opinion , the market value determined by the learned lower court is an exaggerated value and is based on a range of Exhibit 1 which is not , in fact , an example of irreducible sale .
7- In the instant case , the second respondent had gone to the police along with the complaint , and as a result , the FIR was registered , in which the petitioners were shown as accused persons .
Hon'ble EAKSHIL Ahmed Ansari and amp ; Development Jain , JJ . Muse and Ors . vs State of Bihar Criminal Appeal ( DB ) No. 280 of 1993 . decided on 13th May , 2015 .
however , after complying with the requirements of Section 197 ( 1 ) of the Code of Criminal Procedure , the examinations made herein will not prejudice the rights of the complainant in any of the prosecution . 
in this regard , he has relied upon the decision of the Supreme Court in the case of Prakash Singh Badal and another vs. State of Punjab and 0rs . (( 2007 ) 1 SCC 1 ) .
thus , it is clear from the certicate filed by petitioner Shamsher Alam , that the petitioner herein is the petitioner that his age at the time of the incident was 17 years 9 months and 3 days .
learned counsel for the petitioner is right in his submission that the decision of the Division Bench in the case of M / s Mahaphave Laboratories Ltd . ( supra ) in full cover the controversy in question .
the enquiry committee , on enquiry , had entrusted a report to the District Magistrate - co - Collector , Gopalganj , with the finding that there had been serious irregularities in the process of selection and appointment .
( ii ) Whether the authority concerned should have furnished a copy of the inquiry report to the petitioner and it was only after receiving the note that he ought to have recorded a finding on the charges ?
( II ) if the penalty is to be charged after 30 days from the rate of 50 per cent of the arrears of the due date of payment , but sixty days from the date of payment .
according to Mr. Giri , learned counsel for the State , the proponent of both the petitioner and Munindra Choudhary are the same person and for the same he refers to the documents annexed to the counter affidavit .
learned counsel for the opposition also argued that at the time of submission of final forms , three circumstances arise , in which the choice of a Magistrate to take a decision is open and the Magistrate is made
the house of Arun Kumar in the north , the public pathway in the south , the eastern floor and the house of Prasoon Kumar in the east and the house of Professor Prema Devi in the west .
5- Having considered the relevant rules , this Court is of the opinion that the provisions of Rule 18 and Rule 20 aforesaid of the Patna High Court Rules are not mandatory , but are indicative in nature .
from a perusal of aforesaid , 2017 ( 4 ) BLJ a . , it is apparent that the applicant and his father had not been able to stay in the enquiry and his case was set aside .
7- Secondly , the learned counsel submitted that in the presence of the father and the mother , the minor defendants shall get a share only in the share of the father , i.e. , the natural guardian .
if a statute gives finality to the decision of the Tribunal , it has to be taken into consideration whether the Tribunal has the jurisdiction to grant the relief which would normally be granted by a civil court .
it also decided that the activities of the management of the prisoner were to prevent a part of the business and to prevent it is an act of management that is entirely in the discretion of the management .
by this Award , in addition to some money and a room 7 bighas of waste land was assigned to him for the maintenance of Ram Sunder Puran , which is from the schedule to the written statement .
with reference to these , a new stipulation was laid down in the 2006 resolution that for their regularization for a period of five consecutive years , it would be required to be completed by 240 days each .
it has also been submitted on behalf of the appellant that the appellant is a resident of a nearby village and the subvillu of the appellant , namely , Suresh Gobind , is a co-villagers of the informant-petitioner .
it would be sufficient to reproduce a cut from the impugned judgment in which the learned trial court had observed : " the evidence of the prosecution at the point of the death of the victim is doubtful .
in the aforesaid background , now the evidence of the prosecution witnesses was to be taken note of , for which , the paramount evidence is to be seen by the evidence of PW-7 Dr. Rohit Ram Kalgia .
10- Learned counsel for the appellant , however , referred that there is some discrepancy in the statement of the witnesses examined in the court and also in the statement made before the police and the written report .
Hon'ble Aditya Kumar Trivedi , J. Rajiv Kumar @ Rajiv Kumar @ Rajiv Kumar vs. State of Bihar and Anr . Criminal Appeal ( J ) No. 852 of 2016 . decided on 8th March , 2017 .
from 25 . 10 . 2010 to 5 . 11 . 2010 delivery was to be made and the customer Bajrang Traders were to deliver the delivery from the premises of M / s Raghavendra Traders at Hyderabad .
(3) The limits of the territorial waters, the continental shelf, the exclusive economic zone, and other maritime zones, of India shall be such as may be specified, from time to time, by or under any law made by Parliament.
(1) Where by a Proclamation issued under clause (1) of article 356, it has been declared that the powers of the Legislature of the State shall be exercisable by or under the authority of Parliament, it shall be competent 
Provided that no such order which relates to the matters specified in the Instrument of Accession of the State referred to in paragraph (i) of sub-clause (b) shall be issued except in consultation with the Government of the State:
C.O. 48, In exercise of the powers conferred by clause (1) of article 370 of the Constitution, the President, with the concurrence of the Government of the State of Jammu and Kashmir, is pleased to make the following Order: 
C.O. 48 In exercise of the powers conferred by clause (1) of article 370 of the Constitution, the President, with the concurrence of the Government of the State of Jammu and Kashmir, is pleased to make the following Order: 
(i) any funds of the trust or institution are invested or deposited after the 28th day of February, 1983 otherwise than in any one or more of the forms or modes specified in sub-section (5) of section 11; or
(a) the amount paid or payable (whether in or out of India) to the assessee or to any person on his behalf on account of the carriage of passengers, livestock, mail or goods from any place in India; and
(b) all the partners of the firm immediately before the succession become the shareholders of the company in the same proportion in which their capital accounts stood in the books of the firm on the date of the succession;
(iiia) in relation to the financial asset allotted to the assessee without any payment and on the basis of holding of any other financial asset, shall be taken to be nil in the case of such assessee ; and
(c) the expressions "amalgamated co-operative bank", "amalgamating co-operative bank", "amalgamation", "business reorganisation", "co-operative bank", "demerged co-operative bank", "demerger", "predecessor co-operative bank", "successor co-operative bank" and "resulting co-operative bank" shall have the meanings respectively assigned to them in section 44DB.
(e) "eligible issue of capital" means an issue made by a public company formed and registered in India and the entire proceeds of the issue is utilised wholly and exclusively for the purpose of carrying on the business of 
(2) The deduction specified in sub-section (1) may, at the option of the assessee, be claimed by him for any three consecutive assessment years out of 95[seven] years beginning from the year in which the eligible start-up is incorporated.
(b) any lump-sum payment paid or payable to an employee at the time of termination of his service or superannuation or voluntary retirement, such as gratuity, severance pay, leave encashment, voluntary retrenchment benefits, commutation of pension and the like.
(2) Where the Court so directs, such proclamation shall also be published in the Official Gazette or in a local newspaper, or in both, and the costs of such publication shall be deemed to be costs of the sale.
Provided that the Court may permit the plaintiff to claim exemption from the law of limitation on any ground not set out in the plaint, if such ground is not inconsistent with the grounds set out in the plaint.
Provided that a petition for annulling a child marriage by a decree of nullity may be filed in the district court only by a contracting party to the marriage who was a child at the time of the marriage.
(2) Where a Judge is prevented by any sufficient reason from complying with a direction under sub-section (1), he shall record the reason and cause the evidence to be taken down in writing from his dictation in open Court.
If the bailee, with the consent of the bailor, mixes the goods of the bailor with his own goods, the bailor and the bailee shall have an interest, in proportion to their respective shares, in the mixture thus produced.
The accused Basant and Balmiki belonged to Teletoli and that the assailants had come from the Eastern side to whom he identified while he was irrigating the vegetables in the garden and that the assailants were on the road.
The accused Basant and Balmiki belonged to Teletoli and that the assailants had come from the Eastern side to whom he identified while he was irrigating the vegetables in the garden and that the assailants were on the road.
27. The reason assigned for non-consideration of the petitioner's representation and non-observance of the mandatory provisions of sub-section (3A) of Section 13 of the SARFAESI Act is not supported by the material on record and is devoid of credence.
However, the matter is remanded back so that the matter be looked into from the angle indicated above so that it be ascertained as to whether the petitioner school is entitled to benefit under the domestic tariff or not.
The petitioners, as a matter of fact, the learned Counsel added, had arrived at the Hospital on receiving information from the security guard of the Hospital and witnessed the body of Nirbhay Kumar Singh hanging through the ceiling fan.
In the cross-examination, Investigating Officer denied that Pantua Kumari had come to the Police Station on the subsequent day of the occurrence with the Chaukidar and other witnesses and had delivered her statement there in presence of the witnesses.
If the fine is not paid within a period of three months, the original order of of sentence of six months passed by the learned Sessions Judge will come into operation and he will have to serve the sentence.
Here, it cannot be said to be a dispute because the tax is being levied under the statute and that cannot be said to be a cause of action, available to be considered to be a dispute at all.
I hereby further direct the trial court to dispose of Partition Suit No. 277 of 2005 as expeditiously as possible and practicable within a period of six months from the date of receipt of a copy of this order.
The learned Single Judge further observed that it is expected that the State Government will finalize the seniority list preferably within four months from the date of receipt/production of a copy of the order passed by the High Court.
Since the petitioners have been running from pillar to post, from one Court to the other without getting their claim though they are primary teachers and in the present economic setup, they cannot be allowed to suffer any further.
It was open for the Housing Board to have cancelled the allotment for the reason of non-execution of the agreement but on the contrary, it went ahead and get the agreement executed in the year 1987 without any objection.
(vii) It has been held by the Hon'ble Patna High Court in the case of Ranju Devi vs. The State of Bihar & Ors., reported in 1999 (3) PLJR 504 in paragraphs 5 and 6, which read as under:
the contents of the fardbayan were read over to him in the presence of the informant's uncle Gauri Mahto be , and realizing the contents , the informant had put his signatures on it with his uncle .
supporting Section 172 ( 2 ) of the Code of Criminal Procedure , the trial court has taken note of the statements of the witnesses recorded under Section 161 of the Code of Criminal Procedure in the case diary .
from the cross-examination , it would appear that a Harijan sitting was formed by the appellants on the land of the informant-in-law , as a result of which six cases have been filed by the informator against the appellants .
more so , merely on the basis of the said certificate and oral evidence , it was not necessary for the Claims Tribunal to accept the claim regarding the income of the deceased being Rs . 6500 / - .
13 . both the Courts below while considering the evidence had recorded a finding that Kalo Devi was the daughter of Dildar Singh , this finding of fact is a pure finding of fact by both the Courts below .
in support of his above arguments , he has relied upon the decision of the Hon'ble Supreme Court in the case of Sohle Khan Khadiar Khan and another vs. State of Maharashtra (AIR 2009 SC1868 ) .
a counter affidavit has been filed on behalf of the Directorate of Prosecution , Home Secretary , Department of Home Affairs ( Police ) , Government of Bihar as well as on behalf of respondent no.5 , Law Department .
in 1989 , a Division Bench of this Court , in M / s Swami Distribution Workers vs. State of Bihar , 1990 ( 1 ) PLJR 210 , had the occasion to consider the provision of 1984 order .
it was also the view of the Division Bench that the fact of forgery was not attracted to the case , as the documents brought on record in the writ petition were connected with some action or the other .
20- A copy of the first and last page of this judgment be provided to Mr. ani Kumar Jha , advocate , so that he may obtain his prescribed fee from the High Court Legal Services Committee , Patna .
reference is made in this regard to the judgment of a Division Bench of this Court in M / s Umesh Chandra Dinesh Kumar vs. State of Bihar and Others (1999 ( 1 ) BLJ , 548 ) .
6 . the learned trial Court , by placing reliance on the testimony of the prosecution witnesses as well as on the documentary evidence on record , had passed the impugned judgment of conviction and sentence as stated above .
it has to be kept in mind that an office bearer of the University has been vested under Section 7 of the Act and an Inspector of Colleges is also one of the equal office bearers of the Registrar .
7 . it is clear from the pleas and arguments advanced by the learned counsels that the defendant in terms of the Second Schedule is limited to illegal deductions relating to the expenses of personal living of the deceased .
in the meantime , there were eight persons from the north , namely , Saheb Panjara , Niranjan Panjara , Ajay Parayara , Arjun registered , Ashok Paryara , Ashok Registrar , Nihal , Matri Fate and Makhi Raise .
because of such violation of the Food Adulteration Rules , the samples of Pepsi and Slyes were found adulterated which led to the conclusion that the name of bracts on all the three samples were found to be defective .
as Karimas was the son of the brother of Karimhi , who was residing in the house since the life time of delivery , therefore , the defendants were in fact permitted him to stay in the suit premises .
the proposition mentioned in the case of Gujarat State Financial Corporation ( supra ) was supported in M / s . Everest Industrial Corporation and Ors. vs. State Finance Corporation of Gujarat , 1987 ( 3 ) SCC 597 .
from the evidence of this witness , it is apparent that he had seen the appellants in the village near a tree of pakkar , in a suspicious condition when he was returning to his house from Singhan Ghat .
therefore , in the terms of the advertisement in question , selection and appointment is to be done on the basis of interview and the written test is not required in view of the facts of the present case .
Basant The dwelling area of the appellants , that is , rushed to the village well of the place of residence of the appellants and took out the dead body of the river Sewa Devi from inside the well .
( C ) the maximum age of a candidate shall not be more than 30 years on the 1st day of January of the year in which the first employment of a Panchayat Education Mitra is to be made .
9- On a perusal of the counter affidavit , it would appear that it is the side of the respondent that the disciplinary authority issued the second cause notice of query while disapproving the report of the enquiry officer .
Hon'ble Rakesh Kumar , J. M / s . Patna Motors , proprietary / Smt . Reeta Goka vs. State of Bihar and Ors . , CWJJC No. 16652 of 2007 . decided on 14th May , 2015 .
34- It is not in dispute that so far as the table is concerned , the building in question is in consonance with the sanctioned map and there is no allegation of enhancement of the soles against the petitioner .
Kishore Kumar Mandal , J. This writ application takes a legal question having a wide effect on the functioning of the Lok Adalats in the State of Bihar , constituted under the Legal Services Authorities Act , 1987 .
however , in the case of its being proved to the contrary , where the party in the second FIR is different and that is in respect of two different events / offences , the second FIR is permissible .
the claimant had brought on record certain relevant documents such as FIR , acknowledgement letter , post-mortem report , driving license , title of shock vehicle , certificate of dependency , etc . , issued by the postal officer .
in the case of Smt . Damanti Nonga ( supra ) , the Hon'ble Court held the Hindi Sahitya Sammelan Act enacted by the State of Uttar Pradesh to be ultra vires and unstinted of the Constitution .
Hon'ble Minister for National Policy Prasad Singh and Jitendra Mohan Sharma , JJ . Krishna Singh vs. State of Bihar , Crapp . ( DB ) No. 27 of 1992 . decided on 11th November , 2014 .
the only dispute , according to the plaintiff , is that the suit land was given in the share of the plaintiff whereas , according to the defendant , the suit land was given in the share of defendant no.2.
if he fails to do so , one - third of the members of the Committee or Deputy head , as the case may be , may require the Executive Officer to call the meeting within the stipulated time .
11- At this juncture , it would be appropriate to take note of two more constitutional amendments , namely , the one - eleventh Amendment and the 82nd Amendment , which also have some effect on the instant issue .
thereafter , it comes to the initial stage of the duty of the Court to consider the record of the case and the documents submitted therewith and hearing the submission of the accused and the prosecution in this behalf .
if at the conclusion of the trial , the balance sheet is equal to the guilt or innocence of the accused , then the case is bound to end in his acquittal on the principle of benefit of doubt .
the monthly break - up of the teachers who had been assessed more by the Exit and Settlement Officer in March is now being presented by the District Accounts Officer , after fixation of pay of the same personnel .
advocate , L . Narasimha Reddy , Chief Justice . - It is shocking to note that on an average in the State of Bihar two cases are functioning in the High Court under the name of every teacher .
Hon'ble Iqbal Ahmad Ansari , J. Saleem Ansari alias Mohd . Salim Ansari and Ors . Versus State of Bihar and Anr . , a Criminal Milliary No. 51075 of 2014 . decided on 14th May , 2015 .
in the above view of the matter , this Court is of the opinion that the writ petition should not only be dismissed but the same should be dismissed with a view to awarding heavy costs against the petitioner .
the means to remove the same mischief are also in the domain of the legislation and the courts shall show respect to them until the instrument is violative of the constitutional provisions or the fundamental rights of the citizens .
as a matter of fact , the appellant Bhushan had gone to the house of Syed Khalid Shah , Advocate for discussion in respect of his case and he was caught hold of an empty handed over on suspicion .
the property was purchased from the income of the joint family and since the husband of opposite party No. 2 was the eldest son , he had executed the sale deed in the name of opposite party No. 2 .
19- It is , thus , well settled that the primary intention of the provision is to bring benefit to the accused and bring benefit to the Court by way of its co-influence in arriving at the final conclusion .
the resulting judgment is a historical decision of the State of Bombay vs. Kathikalu Oghar (AIR 1961 SC 1808 ) , which has made a decisive contribution to the case law , in which case it is today .
the complainant must also show necessarily that the false misrepresentation alleged to have been made , or that there was no intention to keep the promise of the accused at the time of the proposed mishap by the accused .
this is the second right that was taken away by the 42 th Amendment , but the right of the office bearer charged to receive the report of the enquiry officer was already an essential part of the stage .
thereafter , the authority has passed a final order in the matter of application of the Act on the establishment of the petitioner by an order contained in Appendix 7 , which is under challenge in this writ application .
10- So far as the decision cited by the petitioner in the case of M / s Raqui cinema ( supra ) is concerned , I do not understand that the petitioner can get any benefit by this judgment .
and also relied upon the judgments of the Hon'ble Supreme Court in the case of Kuldip Singh vs. Deputy Commissioner of Police ( supra ) ( paras 6 , 12 , 25 , 29 and 32 ) .
14- The counsel for the appellant submits that in the dark night , the identification of the appellant was not possible and also failed to bring positive evidence with regard to the torch and the power to be kept .
we have also heard Shri Neeraj Kumar Singh , learned amicus Curiae on behalf of the respondents of the appellant State of Bihar in Government Appeal No.29 of 2007 and Mr. Neraj Kumar Singh , learned Amicus Curiae .
on the contrary , learned Special Public Prosecutor and counsel for the informant-in-law have submitted that during the examination of the entire oral evidence , the accused were present in the witness box and hence they were familiar with .
it is well founded on all material particulars as one doctor got injuries as soon as she was cremated within the body of the deceased , another doctor got the appellant in an injured condition on the same day .
the Investigating Officer had received the objective evidence of burning in the room of the deceased and the smell of kerosene , which are all the more conducive to the statement of the deceased , which is wholly reliable .
in one of the cases advanced before us , that is to say , in Surender Kumar Verma v. Industrial Tribunals - cum - Labour Court , the Central Government , we had the opportunity to say so . 
the Consolidation Officer held that the claim of the participants was based only on the proved shop , whereas the claim of the opposite parties ( petitioners ) was affirmed from the entries made in the records from 1927 .
the score of fitness in each of the five tests will be decided by the bank , based on it , by blending the performance of all the competing candidates in each test subject to a minimum requisite level .
the disciplinary authority passed an order forfeiture of all life pension including the amount of gratuity , the amount of earned leave , the maintenance allowance and the amount of other arrears of pension during the period of suspension .
on being asked , he had stated that he had already prepared the seizure memo and it was done as per the direction of the branch manager and the accused persons were the staff of MPRO , Finnish Limited .
( 4 ) The quantum of compensation to be awarded under the Scheme from the Fund in accordance with the Schedule to this Scheme shall be distributed to the victim or his dependents , as the case may be .
these developments pointed out that while reflecting more or less the narrow restrictive aims of traditional penal action , the increasing importance associated with restitution and toleration , these developments had marked a major tilt in criminal science sleep .
3- Fortuning to the facts emerging from the pleadings of the parties is that the suit property described in the schedule of the plaint was part of plot no . 3292 having a two and a half Kathas area .
therefore , the High Court was erroneous in evaluating the complaint as well as the ambit of the proceedings on the ground that several different incidents had taken place at Raigad and one single incident took place in Raipur .
any of the classes enumerated in any of the classes are notified as a Scheduled Caste or a Scheduled Tribe under any order of the President , such classes shall be deemed to be omitted in the said Schedules .
Hon'ble Minister Navjivan Prasad Singh and Vikas Jain , JJ . Bijoy Kumar Bimal and Ors . vs State of Bihar and Ors . , CWJC No. 13788 of 2016 . decided on 14th February , 2017 .
the area close to the site of the incident was vacant ( since the area ) where there was a growing paddy crop on the western side and the sugarcane crop on the eastern side of the village road .
it is not in dispute that he was entitled to be released subject to reasonable reports from the Superintendent of Jail , Superintendent of Police , Probation of the office office bearers and the views of the trial court .
the construction of the unit and the related posts were at that time approved and sanctioned by the State Cabinet as per item no . 10 of the said meeting of the Cabinet on 30 . 3 . 2010 .
the opinion of the doctor is not a severe blow to the prosecution because after several days of commission of rape , physical examination of the body of the victim would not normally appear to be such physical features .
(i) the High Court functioning as such immediately before the appointed day in the territories comprised in the State of Sikkim shall, on and from the appointed day, be deemed to be the High Court for the State of Sikkim;
(3) The powers conferred on the President by this article, by article 324, by clause (3) of article 367 and by article 391 shall, before the commencement of this Constitution, be exercisable by the Governor-General of the Dominion of India.
(c) The first nominations to be made under sub-clause (b) shall be made by the Speaker of the House of the People within two months from the commencement of the Constitution (Application to Jammu and Kashmir) Second Amendment Order, 1974.
(b) in any other case, the agreement is approved by the Central Government, the tax on such income is payable, under the terms of the agreement, by Government or the Indian concern to the Central Government, the tax so paid.
(ii) which is approved by the Controller of Insurance or the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority established under sub-section (1) of section 3 of the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority Act, 1999 (41 of 1999), as the case may be.
Provided that where an application for registration of the trust or institution is made after the expiry of the period aforesaid, the provisions of sections 11 and 12 shall apply in relation to the income of such trust or institution, 
Provided that in respect of a ship or an aircraft or machinery or plant specified in sub-section (8B), this sub-section shall have effect as if for the words "twenty-five per cent", the words "twenty per cent" had been substituted :
(i) in a case referred to in clause (i) of sub-section (1), the aggregate of the issued share capital, debentures and long-term borrowings as on the last day of the previous year in which the business of the company commences;
(ii) where the assessee is a company, firm, association of persons or Hindu undivided family any director of the company, partner of the firm, or member of the association or family, or any relative of such director, partner or member;
(ii) shall, as far as may be, apply to the amalgamated or the resulting company as they would have applied to the amalgamating or the demerged company if the latter had not transferred the business or interest in the business.
Provided that in a case where the adjusted total income of the assessee is a loss, the amount under clause (a) shall be computed at the rate of five per cent of the average adjusted total income of the assessee.
(c) in a case where the total income of the assessee is assessable only for one of the aforesaid three assessment years, the amount of the adjusted total income in respect of the previous year relevant to that assessment year;
Provided that in the case of an eligible start-up, being a technology driven start-up so certified by the Inter-Ministerial Board of Certification notified by the Central Government in the Official Gazette, the new asset shall include computers or computer software
(ii) in a case where the capital asset is a unit which is not listed on a recognised stock exchange as on the 31st day of January, 2018, the net asset value of such unit as on the said date;
(viii) as subscription, in the name of any person specified in sub-section (4), to any such security of the Central Government or any such deposit scheme as that Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, specify in this behalf;
(a) any sum paid by the assessee in the previous year to a research association which has as its object the undertaking of scientific research or to a University, college or other institution to be used for scientific research :
Explanation. For the purposes of this clause, "rate of credit allowable" means the rate of credit allowable under the Duty Free Replenishment Certificate, being the Duty Remission Scheme calculated in the manner as may be notified by the Central Government :
(b) all questions relating to the delivery of possession of such property to such purchaser or his representative shall be deemed to be questions relating to the execution, discharge or satisfaction of the decree within the meaning of this section
(b) the said notice shall be deemed to be a summons for the appearance of the defendant in the Court in which the plaint is presented on the date so fixed by the Court by which the plaint was returned.
In discharging the said burden, the prosecution has to discharge this burden either to prove this fact by the evidence and the accused has the right to rebuttal of the said evidence at the time of passing of the sentence.
The community may entertain such a sentiment when the crime is viewed from the platform of the motive for, or the manner of commission of the crime, or the antisocial or abhorrent nature of the crime, such as for instance:
43. In the case in hand, the appellant Vishal Sharma @ Banti was 24 years of age at the time of the occurrence and appellant Vikash Sharma @ Gulla was 26 years of age at the time of the occurrence.
The Civil Surgeon-cum-Chief Medical Officer, Ranchi, who is present in the Court in person, has not denied that the petitioners were given contractual appointments on their respective posts after observing the prescribed procedure and on the basis of their eligibility.
Hon'ble J. C. S. RAWAT, J. Mrityunjay Kishore Mittu Versus State of Jharkhand & Ors. W.P. (S) No. 1079 of 2005. Decided on 31st January, 2011. In the matter of an Application under Article 226 of the Constitution of India.
After going through the record including supporting evidence I am satisfied that the joint petition is without collusion, parties are residing separately since last more than two years and in future they will not make any claim against each other.
In the early morning at about 4.30 a.m. on 2.8.2007, Lallu Kumar informed his brother Mahesh Kumar that they are about to reach Hazaribagh where they will deliver the utensils to the dealer and then they will return back immediately.
It is true that there were no injuries on the vital parts of the body, but it appears that repeated blows were caused on the legs and hands of the deceased causing seven injuries including the injuries on his face.
If the scales of pan as to the guilt or innocence of the accused are something like even at the conclusion of the trial, then, on the theory of benefit of doubt the case is to end in his acquittal.
The community may entertain such a sentiment when the crime is viewed from the platform of the motive for, or the manner of commission of the crime, or the antisocial or abhorrent nature of the crime, such as for instance:
There can be no increase in the cost of construction, as the possession was already handed over in the year 1987, and for the first time, the impugned letter mentioned there is an increase of cost in the year 2007.
43. In Tilendra Nath Mahanta vs. United Bank of India, reported in AIR 2002 Gau. 1, it has been held that it is the duty of the bailee to deal with the goods according to the direction of the bailor.
the son of the informant had refused to leave the temple complex , making the story that he has the gold barn at close quarters and being present in the temple premises , he is able to guard his barn .
provided that , where the beneficiary is not a member of a family or a specified person , the configuration may be regarded as a public arrangement which is intended to serve the benefit of the common body of devotees .
22- In M / s . Sukwinder Pal Bipin Kumar and others vs. State of Punjab and Ors . ( supra ) similar license order prevailing in the State of Punjab was under consideration of the Hon'ble Supreme Court .
( VI ) even if the accused is a director of the company or an office bearer who has signed the cheques on behalf of the company , it is not necessary to make the specific averment in the complaint .
( ii ) The application from the regular candidates with the requisite fee for registration duly forwarded by the Head of the institution shall be received by the 31st day of March of the previous year of the Board Examination .
third , that is , only the contributory Provident Fund was contemplated in the Scheme - C wherein the employee's contribution to the provident fund was regularly up to 10 per cent of the employee's salary .
since the conviction and sentence has been made by the above stated common judgment of conviction and sentence of all the above said appellants , a common judgment is being passed in all the criminal appeals , as stated above .
as a result , during the guarantee period , there was a hole in the bottom of the boat and the petitioner had failed to repair the hole in spite of the notice issued to him during the guarantee period .
so deprived , the petitioner is restrained from promoted to higher posts of other administrative posts in the head of the head of the department , head of the department and in the Bihar Education Service grade II and 1 .
6- The learned trial Court , by placing reliance on the testimonies of the prosecution witnesses as well as on the documents produced on behalf of the prosecution , had passed the impugned judgment of conviction and sentence as above .
from the memo of appeal filed before the first appellate court , it would appear that the main force of challenge to the judgment and decree of the learned trial court was against the ex parte trial of the suit .
reference in this regard has been made to the judgment rendered by a Division Bench of this Court in M / s Umesh Chandra Kumar vs. State of Bihar and Ors . (1999 ( 1 ) BLJ 548 ) .
it will , however , be sufficient to point out that the expression 'soon before' would ordinarily vest in the expression that the interval should not be much between the cruelty concerned or harassment and death in question .
Hon'ble Mhir Kumar Jha , J. M / s Kisan Cold Storage and Another vs South Bihar Electricity Distribution Company Limited and Ors . , CWJJC No. 13036 of 2014 . decided on 1st August , 2014 .
according to the petitioner , the Joint Secretary of the Department , against the wishes of the Director , had asked the Director to consider and dispose of the application for annual increment of the petitioner and time bound promotion .
Hon'ble Mengeshwar Sahu , J. Hon'ble Bal Kishore Prasad and Ors . vs . Smt . Chando Devi and Ors . , tangible Appeal no . 279 of 1977 . decided on 20th August , 2014 .
24- The decision relied upon by the learned counsel for the appellants , namely , AIR 1968 is the law established by the Supreme Court of 956 ( Nangwawa vs. Birappa Sidappa Hirenur vs. and others ) ( supra ) .
thus , the tenancy was one and all the members of the family of the original tenant , residing with him at the time of the death of the original tenant , had taken over the tenancy at one time .
referring to the impugned order of the Collector as well as the appellate order of the learned Judge would show that the Courts have also kept away with the matter of statutory order , have not referred to any order .
according to the learned counsel , in the sale deed it is specifically instated that after the payment of the consideration amount , prescription shall be made and then the plaintiff shall be entitled to take possession of the land .
thus , the judgment of the Hon'ble Supreme Court is binding , and therefore , in view of the judgment of the Hon'ble Supreme Court , the material questions of law are answered in favour of the appellants .
he has submitted that in the case of Shri Krishna Gyanoday Limited and another vs. State of Bihar (( 2003 ) 4 SCC 378 ) , the validity of the Act of 1985 was the subject matter of challenge .
in exercise of the power conferred by Section 560 of the Companies Act , 1956 , the name of the sugar factory was removed from the roll of the Registrar of column companies as far back as February , 2008 .
in the course of his return , he saw Beushnath Sahani , Jagadish Nath Sahani , Title Sahni alias Sanjay Sahani , Ashok Sahani , Shankar Sahani , and Shankar Saudni , who started laughing at the sight of him .
in our opinion , there cannot be any allegation worse than such allegation against a woman by accepting the dignity of a woman by making blatant and unproven allegations , particularly by a woman who is a newly married woman .
a criminal case should also be registered against all concerned , including the former head of the Khotan Bibi , the then Block Education Officer of Monozhi , who should be investigated by the monitoring department of the state government .
but one thing is clear that the courts should not be proceeded with a tendency to reject the petition by a supernal order in the heat of finding fault and disposal of the cause that has been shown to them .
advocate , M / s UDy Bada , R . G . , Apanmar , F or Prisonis , Mr . , Mr . Muhamar , Munaver Mubble , spring . - hearing , Mr . Rakesh Kumar , Mr .
( I ) But Panchayat Education Mitra employed in the light of previous circulars , orders , instructions and working in the light of the instructions , shall be deemed to be employed as Panchayat Teachers under this Rules . 
( B ) age : - on the 1st day of January of the year in which the employment is being carried on , the minimum age of a candidate shall be 18 years and the maximum age of 37 .
the entire party in the State is stated to be in that regard on the basis of the words corrected Lal Card mentioned in the ground of compulsory land settlement and is not supported by any documentary evidence .
from the evidence of the witnesses and also from both the letters , it appears that the deceased was the mother of two children , who was a son by the name of Ravi and a daughter by name Rcha .
on the other hand , the case of the defendant is that there had already been a partition by demarcation between the parties in the year 1945 , hence , the suit of the plaintiff for partition is not maintainable .
in his reply to the second cause query report submitted to the disciplinary authority , the petitioner had specifically stated that in the absence of report of the enquiry officer it was not possible for him to submit effective reply .
it is not in dispute that out of the grants given by the State of Bihar to the Bihar Sanskrit Education Board , salaries and allowances were being paid to the teachers and non-teaching staff of the aforesaid Sanskrit School .
in that view of the matter , in my opinion , the aforesaid issue was of primary importance to satisfy the claim of the parties and the counter claim which has been considered and decided by the lower appellate court .
Hon'ble Jyoti Saran , J. M / s Niagwaro Builders and Developers Pvt. Ltd . and Anr . vs State of Bihar and Ors . , CWJC No. 4625 of 2015 . decided on 18th May , 2015 .
provided that in the absence of statutory rules providing for such a course , an advocate dealing with a charge of contempt shall ordinarily take into consideration only the punishments specified under section 12 of the Contempt of Courts Act .
that apart , this position is completely covered by the judgment of the Division Bench of this Court in the case of Smt . Kaushalya Devi and Others vs. Union of India reported in 2008 ( 3 ) PLJR 711 .
Hon'ble Ashutosh Kumar , J. Hon'ble Mr. Justice Uradhar Neyogi and Anr . Versus State of Bihar and Anr . no . Misc . no . 18810 of 2008 . decided on 12th November , 2014 .
while going out , accused persons had asked the informant to come to the river bank next day with a bullock cart to take bamboo , which would be brought on a boat from the other side of the river .
10 . considering the rival contentions of the parties , in para 1 , the relief petition sought is limited to the payment of compensation at the enhanced rate only in respect of the remaining 20 % of the award .
both the learned courts below after considering the report of the hand writing expert have also come to the conclusion that in the favour of the plaintiffs there is a marked thumb impression of Thakur on the deed in question .
it is further submitted that during the investigation , the Investigating Officer would have compiled the proof of the case being taking place between the brother - in - law of the appellant along with the family of the informant .
it is also pointed out that in the background of the aforesaid incident , the plaintiffs have become extremely cross and on account of that , on several occasions , they had tried to take the life of the defendant .
long before the scope of the operation of this rule , particularly clause ( b ) , a test was conducted in 1931 by the Privy Council in Parpenultimate Thakur vs. Lal Mohar Thakur ( AIR 1931 PC 143 ) .
on the other hand , injuries of the witnesses are indicative of the fact that at the time of occurrence , he was present at the place of occurrence and injuries came to him during the commission of the crime .
from para 2 of her Principal Examination , it is apparent that she had clearly stated to be the field of the place of occurrence and to be the house of the prosecution and had explained the same in detail .
advocate , M / s , Alock KG , RRA , Financial Institutions , Financial Institutions , Form 11 ; Mr . a . N . Segh , S . K . s . R . and F are considered :
5- Mr. Verma , learned counsel , on the other hand , submitted that the decision relied upon by the petitioner is not applicable in the present case as the suit in the said judgment was of the year 1987 .
the relevant observations made in the case of Mohd . Hanif Kurshi ( supra ) are read as follows : " in the maintenance of unserviceable cattle , a country's livestock has a meekly burden on the food .
( 2 ) Not less than one-third of the total number of seats reserved under clause ( 1 ) shall be reserved for women belonging to the Scheduled Castes or , as the case may be , the Scheduled Tribes .
entry numbers 1 to 3 sons , grandsons , grandsons and 14 Aghil , after 1937 , is the widow of a pre-deceased son and the widow of a pre-deceased son , and the widow of a pre- deceased son .
according to the agreement , an agreement was made for purchase of the said land at the rate of Rs . 11,500 / - per khatka , the total value of which was Rs . 2,00,000 , 560 / - .
( 5 ) The report of the Commissioner shall be submitted to the Court appointing the Commission within sixty days from the date of the Commission ; if the Court for any reason does not extend the time in writing ;
so far as the documents are concerned , the relevant documents which are under the custody of the Bank shall also be made available at the instance of the petitioner by the learned lower court on such direction being made .
he stated that Siddheswar had fallen down on the south of the goop plains , while Mr Goop had fallen to the east of the plains , which was a bit low and was located at the nearest railway line .
here , in the instant case , the petitioner had sought to explain the prejudice by the appellate authority by filing its considered / reaction on the findings recorded therein , after the inquiry report was made available to him .
the doctor or the hospital should be sent the notice , as the case may be , only after it is affirmed from the report of such Doctor or Committee that prima facie case of medical negligence is made out .
the name of the proponent of the petitioner is at serial no . 95 and so far as proposer Deepak Kumar , proponent of the defendant is concerned , his name is at Sr. No. 98 of the Electoral Rolls .
the Supreme Court , while affirming the judgment of the Division Bench of this Court , clearly held that the daily pay shall not be liable to be considered under Section 3 of the Workmen's Marketing Repeal Act .
under the Food Safety and Standards ( Prohibition and Restriction on sale ) Regulations , 2011 , the said provisions appear to be relevant to the general principle of food security as alleged in the chapter of the Food Act .
on enquiry , Kumar Ghar had told him that he did not know those boys , but he was from there in the village of Samuria , the father - in - law of his son - in - law .
therefore , whether the minors had a separate share from their father's side , which is admittedly a natural guardian , can it be said that the minors had a separate share from their father's share ?
the Courts shall lean in favour of a construction which would maintain the jurisdiction of the civil courts and burden the onus to prove on a party who makes the statement that the jurisdiction of the civil court is outstretched .
it is the direct case of the plaintiffs that the common ancestor was the four sons of Nageswara Mishra , namely , late Harihar Mishra , late Nand Kishore Mishra , late Badri Nath Misra and late Ram Kishore Mishra .
therefore , the order number 1 , 2 and 3 will be complied with and while treating point 4 there will be no change in the plaintiff and the point 5 should also be complied with as per the order .
( ii ) the birth certificate granted by the Corporation or the Corporation or the Panchayat ; ( b ) and ( i ) of clauses ( a ) and ( ii ) of clause ( a ) above ; or
9- Further more so , since the deceased was the father and husband of the owner of the vehicle and had become the owner on account of taking their place , therefore , he cannot be treated as gratuitous passenger .
as per the Award , the liability to pay compensation is on the State and certainly it is not the separate personal liability of the petitioner , though it is an integral part of the land acquisition proceedings in question .
the order passed by the revisional authority is also defective in the law keeping in view the judicial decisions which have been referred to hereinabove and reliance is placed on them in the appeal on behalf of the private respondents .
again , it was sheer instatement that the area over which the nada was being constructed is surrounded by a corresponding survey plot no . 377 of 737 and area is in four - and - a - half fumigation .
thus , the aforesaid evidence of the informant with regard to the incident , mode of occurrence , assault , weapon used in the assault and also the information relating to the assailant is totally unfavorable to the prosecution case .
a plain reading of the above would show that the Court trying the case can only , for the reasons recorded by it , direct the release and only when it considers the charge against the accused to be unfounded .
on the basis of these statements , which were recorded by the Chief Executive Officer and / or the then District Magistrate - cum - Collector , Monghyr , Shri Goray Lal Prasad Yadav , the matter was further proceeded .
8- Before referring to the arguments of the learned counsels for the parties , it would be appropriate to examine the nature and ambit of the filing of the appeal designed under Section 14-A ( 2 ) of the Act .
it has not been denied that these decisions were taken by the Secretary , Department of Home Affairs ( Police ) , Government of Bihar , who was competent to take under the executive affairs of the State of Bihar .
Explanation. For the purposes of sub-clause (ii), the entitlement to earned leave of an employee shall not exceed thirty days for every year of actual service rendered by him as an employee of the employer from whose service he has retired ;
(23ED) any income, by way of contributions received from a depository, of such Investor Protection Fund set up in accordance with the regulations by a depository as the Central Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, specify in this behalf:
(iv) in relation to any other commodity specified under this clause, any Board or other authority established under any law for the time being in force which the Central Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, specify in this behalf;
(45) any allowance or perquisite, as may be notified by the Central Government in the Official Gazette in this behalf, paid to the Chairman or a retired Chairman or any other member or retired member of the Union Public Service Commission;
(b) the provisions of this section shall, as far as may be, apply to the amalgamated or the resulting company as they would have applied to the amalgamating or the demerged company if the amalgamation or demerger had not taken place.
Provided that the provisions of this sub-section [as amended by section 6 of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 2009 (33 of 2009)] shall have effect for the assessment year beginning on the 1st day of April, 2006 and subsequent assessment years.
Explanation 1. For the purposes of this sub-section, the expression "competent authority" means the Reserve Bank of India or such other authority as is authorised under any law for the time being in force for regulating payments and dealings in foreign exchange.
(b) the provisions of this section shall, as far as may be, apply to the amalgamated or resulting company as they would have applied to the amalgamating or the demerged company if the amalgamation or the demerger had not taken place.
Provided that this clause shall not apply where the income, or the value of the property or, as the case may be, the aggregate of the income and the value of the property, so diverted does not exceed one thousand rupees;
(a) where the payment is to a public sector company or a local authority or an association or institution referred to in sub-section (1), from such public sector company or local authority or, as the case may be, association or institution;
(b) the amount of depreciation that would have been allowable to the assessee for any assessment year commencing on or after the 1st day of April, 1988, as if the asset was the only asset in the relevant block of assets.
(ea) the total value of the assets as appearing in the books of account of the company in any of the three previous years preceding the previous year in which the conversion takes place does not exceed five crore rupees; and
(xiv) where a sole proprietary concern is succeeded by a company in the business carried on by it as a result of which the sole proprietary concern sells or otherwise transfers any capital asset or intangible asset to the company :
(ix) as subscription to any such savings certificate as defined in clause (c) of section 2 of the Government Savings Certificates Act, 1959 (46 of 1959), as the Central Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, specify in this behalf;
80DDB. Where an assessee who is resident in India has, during the previous year, actually paid any amount for the medical treatment of such disease or ailment as may be specified in the rules33 made in this behalf by the Board 
(b) the provisions of this section shall, as far as may be, apply to the amalgamated or the resulting company as they would have applied to the amalgamating or the demerged company if the amalgamation or demerger had not taken place.
(b) the provisions of this section shall, as far as may be, apply to the amalgamated or the resulting company as they would have applied to the amalgamating or the demerged company if the amalgamation or demerger had not taken place.
Any order of the Court by which the decree was passed, or of such Court of appeal as aforesaid, in relation to the execution of such decree, shall be binding upon the Court to which the decree was sent for execution.
The place in which any Civil Court is held for the purpose of trying any suit shall be deemed to be an open Court, to which the public generally may have access so far as the same can conveniently contain them:
In the trial of the trial number 1557/11 in the Session No. 1557/11, 26-3-12 on the accused Shabu Pathan and Sheru Pathan and the trial number 1558/11 on the accused Mohammad Tahir dated 5-6-12 under Section 302, 504506, FIR was lodged.
The investigations done so far allege that the amount unearthed so far in one case is about one and half Crore and in other case is about six and half Crores, which would appear to be merely the tip of iceberg.
....For determination of the common object of the unlawful assembly, the conduct of each of the members of the unlawful assembly, before and at the time of attack and thereafter, the motive for the crime, are some of the relevant considerations.
According to the prosecution, the alleged occurrence has taken place at about 6 a.m. in the month of June and a number of villagers reached to the place of occurrence but not a single witness has been examined by the prosecution.
all efforts will be made by the respondent / executive authority to expeditiously conclude the proceedings and a copy of the instant order will have to do so within a period of six months from the date of receipt / presentation .
15 . in view of the above established proposition of law laid down by the Hon'ble High Court , it is now a settled principle of law that the Court has to find out the case pleaded by the parties .
so far as the sentence issue is concerned , in view of the law referred to hereinabove , we are of the considered view that the instant case did not fall within the purview of rarest of rare cases .
such a defence can be maintained and it would be the task of the insurer to prove that the insured did not have exercised sufficient care and caution to verify the correctness or otherwise of the licence held by the driver .
measures may be taken to obtain the concurrence of Bihar Public Service Commission in accordance with the rules framed by the Department of Transport for the said absorption and a period of six months had been prescribed for the aforesaid case .
further , an officer making an arrest and seizure of Section 57 of the Act imposes the liability to forward an entire report of all the distinguished dates of such arrest or seizure to his immediate superior immediately within 48 hours .
in this situation , the Assistant Public Prosecutor has to resign from his service as in view of Section 137 of Bihar Practice and Procedure Manual , the term of Public Prosecutor and Additional Public Prosecutor is the term of tenure .
the aforesaid cadre of the Deputy Superintendent of Police , DSP was constituted by the senior district prosecutor , the District Prosecutor of the status of the Inspector of Police and the Assistant Director of Police , Deputy Director of Police .
it is also the contention of the learned counsel for the petitioners that even otherwise the Circular is bad in terms of the law laid down by the Apex Court in the case of M / s J.G. Engineers Pvt. Ltd .
11- Now , I shall refer to the arguments advanced by the parties on the merits of the case and will for the sake of convenience act in accordance with the position of the party as existing before the trial court .
whitekaran was a friendly relationship with Kashi Prasad and had purchased the property only on a sum of Rs . 189 so that the money could be denied to him the benefits of the decree of the plaintiff in the suit .
7 . that it is not unnecessary to state here that before the registration of the students , all the students have to pass the examination conducted by the school and registration is issued subject to the result of the examination .
however , the petitioner was never placed in charge establishment and as above , the direction of this Court as quoted above was limited to the payment of his salary at the lowest level of the pay scale of his time .
this aspect of the matter is well settled by a recent judgment of the Apex Court in the case of Bhimanna vs. State of Karnataka reported in ( 2012 ) 9 SCC 650 , wherein it was held as under :
Hon'ble V. N. Sinha and Amresh Kumar Lal , JJ . Sunil Kumar Choudhury vs. State of Bihar and Ors . Criminal Appeal ( DB ) no . 210 of 2013 . decided on 22 nd March , 2013 .
the suit land in the plaint , as mentioned in the plaint , belongs to Land Account No. 536 , Khera No.2278 , which is of 6 disconnected , and is belong to Khel No.2279 of the plaint which is 11Disigal .
thus , the plaintiff had a legal right to file a suit for redemption within the prescribed period of 30 years from the date of execution of the deed in terms of the provisions of Article 61 of the Limitation Act .
he has stated that the spot in the width from the west to about 15 feet ( 10 hands ) and in breadth is situated at the house of the informator measuring the norto South 12 feet ( 8 hands ) .
if the concerned authority decides to proceed further , that shall , within four months from the date of such attendance , complete the proceeding and pass the final order after giving the opportunity to the petitioner in accordance with law .
23- I do not need to give any further time on the question as to whether the Limitation Act would apply to the tribunals / authorities who are not court within the meaning of the Code of Civil Procedure .
the suit premises is not a suitable place for the business of textile as it is not in the clavice-strip and is running in the other part of the holding whereas the third part has been vacant for a long time .
84 . admittedly , the plaintiff-appellant has been living in the suit premises for the last forty years without paying anything to the subsequent purchaser by filing this absurd suit , which is a bona fide purchaser by paying the price .
therefore , regarding the receipt of the consideration , an adverse inference should be drawn against the plaintiff on account of the misexamination of even the other witnesses , namely , Ataullah and Munshi , Arun Prasad , underwriters and Gayaduddin .
( 3 ) The inquiry determining age in every case relating to a child or a juvenile contravening the law shall be made by the Court or the Board or , as the case may be , the Committee seeking evidence
the controversy is whether at the time and on the same date , at the time and on the very date , at the time of attending the complex in another village Panchayat , called the respondent - Reum Kumari Maina .
according to the ratio laid down by the Apex Court , if the materials placed before the court declare a grave suspicion against the accused person , the court would be fully justified in framing of charge and proceeding for trial .
it has also been submitted that the defendants do not deny the existence of wakf estate no . 123 and it is the only argument of the defendants that the suit land is not a part of the said waqf estate .
( IV ) Where material evidence has been ignored only by the trial court or by the appellate court ; and ( v ) where the acquittal is based on the compounding of the offence , which is illegal under law .
he , thus , submits that the petition filed by the applicants under Section 34 of the Act is based on a defective appreciation of the statutory provisions formed by the Court below to reject the application filed by the applicants .
there is nothing to show that the State has any direct control over the said Committee by going beyond the general regulation of all such similar co - operative societies under the provisions of the Bihar Co - operative Societies Act .
the constitutional validity of the 1985 Act , has been filed and as modified by the Hon'ble Supreme Court , the present batch of writ petitions have been filed for complying with the judgment of the Hon'ble Supreme Court .
12 . learned counsel for the petitioner , Shri Amresh Kumar Sinha , learned counsel for the petitioner submitted that the petitioner had taken decisions in the cases which he had heard on the basis of the materials available on record .
2- In all these four writ applications , filed at the request of the petitioners , who are the employees of a private institution , a single point is involved and the same is being disposed of by this common order .
Hon'ble NAVIN Sinha and Development Jain , JJ . Mukesh Kumar and Anr . Versus State of Bihar and Ors . LPA Nos. 790 of 2013 Cri . CC No. 792 of 2010 . decided on 16th January , 2014 .
the fact of the petitioner getting the benefits under the cut - in - time promotion scheme and well settled career progress rules and that he should be kept in a recognized pay scale for the Executive Engineer is not controverted .
though , in the course of cross examination , it is argued on behalf of the appellant that such omission had caused loss to the appellant but had not been able to show the nature of the loss by the illustration .
31 . we are unable to appreciate the aspect of the Government of Jharkhand and the State of Bihar on this issue , which is a gross violation of the order contained in Section 72 of the Reorganisation Act , 2000 .
the presence of the appellant at the upper floor of the house of the prosecution was possible through a wooden staircase and the same is found to be fully proved on account of the involvement of the appellant during the investigation .
72 . thus , on a reading of the judgment of the Supreme Court in the case of Shivanand Pathak ( supra ) , it would be clear that a judicial contours can be treated as a form of judicial insistence .
it is this aspect of the matter which has been dealt with extensively in the earlier Division Bench decision in the case of Smt . Renu Kumari Pandey ( supra ) and I do not find any fault with the same .
( 3 ) Subject to sub-section ( 1 ) , the State Government shall have a charge on the amount payable by the inferior ryots on the land and shall have the priority over all other claims on the land . 
in this view of the matter , as far as the question of Ganesh Doms and Lankan Doms is concerned , the judgment of conviction and sentence deserves to be set aside and accordingly their conviction and sentence is set aside .
if an abuse of the process of injustice is brought to the notice of the court , then the court would be justified in holding the injustice by keeping the inherent powers in the absence of provisions specified in the Statute .
3- It is further the case of the plaintiffs that the properties of the joint family were very productive and there was adequate income out of which some properties were acquired by sale deed as well as by the sale deed .
in this regard , learned counsel placed reliance on the judgment of the Supreme Court in the case of Ramati ( Smt ) vs. Saroj Devi and Ors . , ( 1997 ) 6 Supreme Court Cases 66 , para 8 .
the general principle is that a judgment pronounced by a court is final and it is only when a passage from that principle is justified that the circumstances of a material or compelling character make it necessary so to do . 
it is further the case of the respondents that the property in question is part of the big mosque of Batia Nagar , which was constructed in 1870 and the grandfather of the petitioner was also the custodian and the mujhe .
7- It is , however , apparent from the first information report itself that there is specific allegation of assault by Munna Tiwari on the person of the informator , his son Pappu Kumar Tiwari and his nephew Gorkha Nath Tiwari .
their Lordships of the Hon'ble National Policy Prasad Singh and Anjana Mishra , JJ . Suresh Thakur and Others vs. State of Bihar Criminal Appeal ( DB ) No. 365 of 1992 . decided on 5th January , 2015 .
the courts , therefore , have not to go beyond the four corners of the order which is alleged to have been violated and are not to be dealt with in the questions from which they have not been disposed of .
7- On account of the investigation officer as well as the presence of the Doctor , learned counsel for the appellants has submitted that since the examination of the Doctor , the concerned injury report has not been brought on record .
Hon'ble Mengeshwar Sahu , J. Hon'ble Shri Satish Chandra Thakur and Ors . vs . Shri Shyam Sunder Barwal and Ors . , AIR 1978 Cri.Appeal No. 53 of 1978 . decided on 10th February , 2015 .
the said land was only a treasure and he had to remain in possession of the land only when he used to perform the worship but as soon as he leaves the prayer text , the owner will be taken over .
Hon'ble Rajendra Kumar Mishra , J. Hon'ble Mr. Justice Board Manager , Oriental Insurance Company vs. Superintendent , Bihar State Road Transport Corporation and other Museums . Appeal No. 884 of 2010 . decided on 20th April , 2015 .
10- In the event of the respondent having felt aggrieved by the Award , the option to institute proceedings under the Arbitration Act , 1940 or the Act of 1996 , as the case may be , was open to him .
it was also pleaded that the issue of the order of appointment by the Inspector General of Police was only a matter of convenience and at the relevant time , only the Deputy Inspector General of Police was the appointing authority .
he has also placed heavy reliance on the judgment of the Hon'ble Supreme Court in the case of Bhagwan Das and others vs. Uttar Pradesh and others ( supra ) by referring to paras 14 to 16 and 25 .
since the order rejecting the release petition on the basis of an order of cognizance was passed in the present case , the Court is of the opinion that the order rejecting the release petition is liable to be set aside .
( emphasis supplied ) 88 . 05 . For me , it is unnecessary to go through various judgments of the Supreme Court of India in the course of time while dealing with the aspect of alcohol trade and business .
under which , apart from others , the promotions have to be made to all persons who are interested in the property of the deceased / testator and , on account of this , the petition presented is a bad petition .
thus , the liability to produce the witnesses at the trial is that of the prosecution as the statute makes it imperative that the Court is required to take all such evidence as may be produced in support of the prosecution .
in the office of the Director General of Police , Bihar , Patna , on 22.08.2014 , the petitioner was informed that the appeal was not maintainable and the appeal would be before the Inspector General of Police , Darbhanga Zone .
he has submitted to the extent that the exemption in the instant case is not a cash exemption , nor is there any trade allowance conferred by the petitioner on his consumers , but is a sale which has been concealed .
( 2 ) On receipt of the application , the licensing authority shall call for on that application a report of the officer in charge of the nearest police station and such officer shall send his report within the prescribed time .
till 1936 , there was consensus of judicial opinion that it is permissible for a minor to have attached a decree against him if there has been negligence on the part of his next friend in the conduct of the case .
we shall not be in a question as to whether the learned Single Judge was correct or not or what is the effect of the Division Bench decision on the issue as the facts are unidentical and quite different to us .
the definition of antisocial element as contained in Section 2 ( d ) of the Act is read as follows : ( 2 ) BLJ ( d ) , is the person who is the non-social element .
10 . there is also no argument , debate with regard to the making of such opinion against the petitioner in the said order of the District Magistrate as well as the need to pass such an order against the petitioner .
if an appeal is filed within four weeks , then in that event , in the background of the peculiar features of the facts of the case , the question of limitation will not be allowed to come in the way .
the common practice prevalent these days is to obtain the consent of the patient or the consent of the person taking care of the patient if the patient is not in a position to give consent before adopting a given procedure .
15 . on perusal of the first information report , I do not find that the allegations made therein fall within the parameters laid down by the Supreme Court in various judgments for the purpose of prosecution of a medical practitioner .
as is apparent from the record , in view of the existing situation in which the victims of the riots were victims , in my opinion , the delay in lodging the first information report was not too much and fatal .
it is a settled principle of law that at the time of hearing of an amendment application under Order 6 Rule 17 of the Code of Civil Procedure , the Court is not required to decide any amendment application on merits .
he stated that the motive of the incident is a land dispute as some land is that of the uncle of the appellants , which was got registered two years ago and , being aggrieved , they have committed the crime .
13 . in view of the law laid down by this Court as above , in the instant case , the High Court has exceeded its jurisdiction by giving its opinion on the disputed questions of fact before the trial Court .
there were two classes , the first where the State Government was bound by an agreement of the Trade Union with regard to the daily wage - earners up to 11 . 12 . 1990 and the other group that followed .
the list of directors indicates that Sanjay Sahai , Sushila Sahai and Bharti R. Srivastava , who is the son , wife and daughter of the deceased ( Dayanand Sahai ) , respectively , are the directors of the said company .
five to six days prior to the incident , from the time of Dussehra , the accused had been visiting his house and on the day of Dussehra , was also walking with a pistol in a mela and was shining .
before the imaginative separation of civil and criminal law in the society of ancient times , it was the standard practice to make the offender compulsory for any injury caused by the crime or to compensate the victim of his family .
therefore , it is possible to quash a criminal proceeding in a given case if on the basis of material available it is reasonable to reach a conclusion that at the end of the trial , the accused would be acquitted .
Hon'ble Minister Minister for National Policy Prasad Singh and Sanjay Priyo , JJ . Anant Singh @ Anant Kumar Singh Versus State of Bihar and Ors . W.JC No. 1195 of 2016 . decided on 18th January , 2017 .
according to Black's Law Dictionary , vote is an expression of opinion in a sitting or election , by means of a ballot , by hand , or by any other form of communication , of an alternative or opinion .
in view of the clear provision under Section 25 of the J Act , 2015 , the provisions of the Juvenile Justice Act , 2000 shall apply in the present case and not provided for the Juvenile Justice Act , 2015 .
13- At one stage of the inquiry , the Magistrate is required to see only a prima facie case , on the basis of the allegations made in the complaint petition and the statements of the witnesses recorded during the investigation .
(1) Seats shall be reserved in the House of the People for" (a) the Scheduled Castes; (b ) the Scheduled Tribes except the Scheduled Tribes in the autonomous districts of Assam; and (c) the Scheduled Tribes in the autonomous districts of Assam.
Explanation." For the purposes of this sub-clause, the expression "State Pooled Finance Entity" shall mean such entity which is set up in accordance with the guidelines for the Pooled Finance Development Scheme notified by the Central Government in the Ministry of Urban Development;
(7)The provisions of sub-section (8) and sub-section (10) of section 80-IA shall, so far as may be, apply in relation to the undertaking referred to in this section as they apply for the purposes of the undertaking referred to in section 80-IA.
(iiid) any profit on the transfer of the Duty Entitlement Pass Book Scheme, being the Duty Remission Scheme under the export and import policy formulated and announced under section 5 of the Foreign Trade (Development and Regulation) Act, 1992 (22 of 1992);
(iiie) any profit on the transfer of the Duty Free Replenishment Certificate, being the Duty Remission Scheme under the export and import policy formulated and announced under section 5 of the Foreign Trade (Development and Regulation) Act, 1992 (22 of 1992) ;
(B) in any other case, the previous years beginning with the previous year in which the licence fee is actually paid, and the subsequent previous year or years during which the licence, for which the fee is paid, shall be in force;
(b) the amount of depreciation that would have been allowable to the assessee for any assessment year commencing on or after the 1st day of April, 1988, as if the asset was the only asset in the relevant block of assets; or
(ba) for the purposes of clause (viii) of that sub-section, in the case of an individual, the individual or any girl child of that individual, or any girl child for whom such person is the legal guardian, if the scheme so specifies;
Provided further that no appeal shall lie in any case in which the parties have agreed to abide by the decision of the Commissioner, or in which the order of the Commissioner gives effect to an agreement come to by the parties:
The powers conferred by sections 91 and 92 on the Advocate-General may, outside the presidency-towns, be, with the previous sanction of the State Government, exercised also by the Collector or by such officer as the State Government may appoint in this behalf.
The base of teaching, the level to which teaching can rise and the benefit which the students ultimately receive depend as much on caliber of the students as on the caliber of the teachers and the availability of the adequate infrastructural facilities.
6. Before parting with the order, it is recorded that the Electricity Board would be at liberty to take recourse of law available to it for realization of the dues in accordance with law. Principal, Delhi Public School vs. Syed Mohammad Sharfullah
The contention on behalf of the opposite party before the Tribunal was that the truck was being driven in a normal speed very carefully and the accident did not take place on account of any fault of the driver of the truck.
9. The another question, which has been raised by the learned counsel for the respondent, is with respect to the interpretations of sub-section (2) of Section 4 read with Serial No.5 to Schedule of the Act of 1953, which reads as under:
The allegations were malicious and frivolous against her husband and the mother-in-law and it was admitted that the brother of the informant was very much present in the Hospital and virtually had managed all the affairs of abortion at the relevant time.
11. Be that as it may, We are yet to find out that who is the authority who will take action against the illegal construction and therefore, before passing any harsh order, we would like to know the stand of the State.
in paras 22 and 23 of the cross examination , he first stated about the making of chappals and by-chappals at Calcutta and later at Patna by the husband of the deceased and the deceased was engaged in the business of Beedi .
it was submitted that the Khastyan himself proved the title of the plaintiff since the name of the owner is mentioned as Bahadur Singh and according to the admission of the defendant , plaintiff Bahadur Singh is an ancestor of the plaintiff .
after all , it is the liability of the Court to separate the chaff from the grain , meaning thereby that the evidence of the prosecution witnesses is to be scrutinised , in the same manner , separating the truth from falsehood .
( ii ) Whether the decree passed in the three money suits and the serial auction sale followed by defendant's delivery of possession in the execution proceedings in favour of first group are valid and legal and binding on the plaintiff ?
accordingly , the Division Bench on instruction that the punishment of compulsory retirement in terms of Rule 67 of the Rules did not warrant deprivation from the benefit of the past service and the petitioner is entitled to benefits after his retirement .
as a matter of fact , the learned Judge of this Court has taken a similar view on the difference of opinion amongst the Judges in the case of Dr. Laxmi Narain Singh vs. State of Bihar ( 1989 ) BCCJ 147 .
( ii ) Government shall , as per the consent given to its own affidavit and the recommendation of the Law Commission , take steps for appointment of 50 per cent of the Additional Public Prosecutors from the cadre of prosecution functionaries .
7- The contextual decisions take note of the fact that in case of an unmarried one , the compensation should be deducted as a means of livelihood , to the extent of fifty per cent instead of one third of the expenses .
the impugned order cancelled directed the respondent to treat the petitioner as a licence effective and in consequence , subject to terms and conditions of the licence , the petitioner was directed to permit his business to commence the business forthwith .
( V ) If the accused is a Managing Director or a Joint Managing Director , then it is not necessary to make specific averment in the complaint and on account of his position , they are liable to be proceeded with .
however , the absence of a decision in the appointment order to refer to the non - class post or include the interpreters of + 2 schools in the main section of the teachers will not deprive them of their statutory rights .
18- So far as a material question before the law as suggested by the learned counsel for the appellant is concerned , it would be appropriate to keep in mind the pleadings of the plaintiff and the defendants before the Courts below .
4- In the aforesaid written report , it is stated by the petitioner that his daughter Priyama Kumari , aged about 15 years , had gone out on the pretext of bringing the medicine at 5 p.m. on 14th March , 2012 .
according to him , he was sleeping at a distance of 100 yards from the place of incident and there were about three houses between Rano Devi's house and the platform where he was sleeping with seven or eight other persons .
9- From the complaint petition as mentioned above , it is clear that the complainant had kept a complete silence on the constitutional possession made by them on account of any incident , as alleged to have been committed by the petitioners .
regarding the parting , the evidence produced by the defendants is not reliable and trustworthy on the other hand , the plaintiffs have produced evidence which is documentary evidence and oral evidence in support of this case that the parties are joint .
in his reply to the second cause notice of query submitted to the disciplinary authority , the petitioner had specifically stated that in the absence of report of the enquiry officer it was not possible for him to submit an effective reply .
now if the first sequence of events on the basis and on the foundation is to be discredited , can it be said that the final event , i . e . , the settlement be on one's own feet ?
if the consideration was not paid to the Sheikh Arzu , the receipt of the terms was not made to the shopkeepers Sheikh Sharifuddin , as a result of which he would not have received the sale deed from the registry office .
therefore , in support of the possession of the plaintiff , the document was produced but the Court below had held that it is a suspicious document instead of conducting an appreciation in the manner held that it was a suspicious document .
it is a settled principle of law that in order to show that a gift deed of immovable property is valid under Section 123 , it is not necessary that there should be a physical delivery to the donee of the property .
2- It is the submission of counsel for the petitioner that on the basis of various permanent orders which have been in force at the relevant time , the benefit of such promotion or super selection category had accrued in his favour .
7- I find , however , that the appellant has been in custody for more than one year and in these circumstances , forwarding the appellant to jail after a victim of twenty three years would be against the interest of justice .
the fardbeyan ( PW-5 ) , son of late Ramesh Prasad Sharma ( PW-5 ) , of late Ramrolls Sharma of village , Dharampur , Bathua , Police Station Pusa , District Samastipur , was received from Sadar Police Station , Muzaffarpur .
( IV ) where material evidence has been ignored only by the trial court or by the appellate court ; and ( V ) where the acquittal is based on the compounding of the offence , which is invalid under the law .
as regards the evidence of the prosecution witnesses , it is also apparent from the petition that the litigation is going on between the parties on account of the purchase of land by Ramesh Prasad , brother of the informant from Tahr .
on completion of the investigation of the aforesaid attack police station bearing Case No. 601 of 2007 , the Investigating Officer of the case filed the charge - sheet on 1st February , 2008 for the offences punishable under the Arms Act .
2- On behalf of the appellant , it is submitted that the conviction and sentence recorded by the learned trial Court , appears to be defective , unconstitutional , arbitrary and on account of this , it deserves to be set aside .
7 . Mr. Dhruva Narayan , learned senior counsel appearing on behalf of the respondent , on the other hand , submitted that the property is recorded in the name of the ancestor of the defendant in the geo - tax survey .
as all the additional efforts to locate Rishhasa had failed , the informants had gone to the Bothhan Police Station at about four o clock on the same day , along with Deshbandhu Agarwal and had the entire incident to the police .
it would be in the interests of justice to shift the position of a Professor with all consequential benefits subject to the availability of the post of Professor and discharge him from 31st July , 2007 to the date of the officiation .
10 . in view of the above facts and circumstances of the case , in my opinion , the learned lower Court has not exercised the jurisdiction vested in it by law and , therefore , the impugned order is not sustainable .
in our opinion , it would not be appropriate for the petitioner to claim promotion to the post of Assistant Engineer from 28 February , 1980 , irrespective of his eligibility and preference in the cadre of other personnel / local engineers .
therefore , by the entire planning process planning unit self - reliant has been wound up completely , so there is no validity of the electoral roll , the waiting list , the last intelligent list , the list of selected candidates .
as per the Bihar Reorganisation Act , 2000 , a new State called the State of Jharkhand was formed on a fixed date ( 15.11.2000 ) and from this date by dividing the State of Bihar for the time being in existence .
the deceased ( owner of the vehicle ) was also travelling on the vehicle and the owner of the coal that was thrown on the truck from Jharia , thus , the claimant should be entitled to receive the amount of compensation .
12 . a perusal of the statements in the complaint petition , it is apparent that as per clause 13 of the tax agreement it is only a case of non payment of minimum security amount and also non-payment of telephone bills .
in which the earlier series of cases were reiterated by the Supreme Court again with the effect that appointment to any post would be governed by the rules which were in force at the time of initiation of the process of appointment .
apart from referring to the lacunae in the procedure , he had also picked up the properties that the property stood vested in the Waqf Board and its acquisition could not have been acquired without the consent of the Board of Wakf .
( Thulia Kali vs. State of Tamil Nadu , (AIR 1973 SC 501 ) State of Punjab vs. Surja Ram (AIR 1995 SC 2413 ) , Girish Yadav vs. State of Madhya Pradesh (1996 SCC ( Crl . ) )
( a ) in the case of a person who is employed , or was employed , as the case may be , at the time of the commission of the alleged offence , in relation to the affairs of the Union ;
the official duty is inherent in the use of the expression that the act or omission must be done by the public servant in the course of his service and should be done in the discharge of his duty .
under the Constitution of the Board of Trade , individual businessmen do not have the right to vote in the General Assembly of the Board of Trade nor they have the right to participate in the management of the Board of Trade .
14 . in view of the above facts , now merely because the plaintiff was not a party in the earlier suit , it cannot be said that the law laid down by the Division Bench is not binding on the plaintiff .
as a matter of fact the thumb impression of the left hand on the will is not a sign of the left hand on the beetle and at the time of the execution of the will he did not understand mundane things .
it has only to see whether , on a broad probabilities of the case , a prima facie case is made out and there is no test of the probative value of the material or that there is sufficient ground for conviction .
as a controlling agency for poverty eradication programme , the District Rural Development Agency ( DRDA ) , under the aegis of the Government of India , was established not only in all the districts of Bihar but also throughout the country .
according to him , the act complained of against the petitioner would not fall within the ambit of discharge of his official duty and thus , the petitioner would not be an officer of any protection under Section 197 of the Code .
3- The necessary reforms with regard to the name of the father of the petitioner in the title suit of the writ petition and also in the afdavit of the writ petition are to be made in the course of the day .
23- In the result of foregoing discussion , in our view , the law is clearly that at the time the charge was framed or at the time the cognizance is taken , the accused has no right to produce any material .
the said Appellate Authority has no jurisdiction to entertain , hear or decide the dispute relating to the employment of a Panchayat Education friend under the resolutions , circulars , orders , instructions , etc . for the time being in force .
( I ) To fill 2413 posts , a Committee consisting of the Director , Elementary Education and the Secretary of the Bihar Staff Selection Commission shall take any decision with the permission of the Principal Secretary of the Department of Education .
in case of difference of opinion between the two functionaries , namely , the Director , Elementary Education and the Secretary of the Bihar Staff Selection Commission , the decision taken by the Principal Secretary of the Education Department would be final .
the admission of this application shows that as far as the declaration / victim is concerned , she is not a horrible one and it was for this reason that the informant had the courage to make a complaint to the police .
taking into account the circumstances of the case , the nature of the crime and the character of the appellant , he is entitled to be granted the benefits of probation under Section 3 of the Probation of Offenders Act , 1958 .
as per the Amendment Act , 2009 , this cyclical order will continue to be effective in the next Panchayat , General Elections , 2021 and the Panchayat to be run in 2026 will be changed at the time of general election .
it was in the nature of the life interest , because the period of interest arising under the illegal transfer was not upon the death of the recipient or the transferor , but on the death of the donor or the transferor .
thereafter , he started the investigation and went to the place of occurrence which was situated at two yards in the north from the door of the appellants and four yards in the south where the body of the deceased was found .
( 2 ) The evidence of the witness in attendance ( cross-examination and re-examination ) whose evidence ( principal examiner ) was produced by affidavit to the Court , may be entertained by the Court or by the Commissioner appointed by it .
15- On the basis of the rival arguments of the parties , the points for consideration in this appeal before this Court are as follows : - ( i ) Whether the imagination of the plaintiffs in the present case is fatal ?
Hon'ble Minister Navjivan Prasad Singh and Nil Agarwal , JJ . State of Bihar and Anr . vs . Mrs. Manju Sinha LPA No. 1433 / 11 and CC No. 3637 of 2010 . decided on 27th January , 2016 .
( III ) In the event of making the parties to all the joint functionaries and the evidence being sufficient , the option is open to the court / tribunal to hold a mutual limit of the consolidated negligence of the operators .
on this , the sia gopa , namely , Asa Sharan Singh , had fired at the chest of Siddheswar Gope , the informant's son , and then there was a fire of magic pill which had fallen down immediately .
hence , where , even after the report was made available , there would be no different consequences , it would be a deformation of justice for the employee to reassume his duty and allow him to get all the consequential benefits .
element of intention is absent from the facts of the case and under the aforesaid facts and circumstances , we have to show the conviction of the appellant under Section 302 IPC to Section 304 Part I of the Indian Penal Code .
22- Keeping in view the established law , it is also to be seen from the evidence of other witnesses examined during the trial and other surrounding circumstances , as to whether the aforesaid witnesses of the occurrence are trustworthy or not .
8- So far as the reliance placed by the learned counsel for the appellant in the case of Bandiga Talukdar ( supra ) is concerned , we find it not relevant for the purpose of the issue involved in the present case .
in support of his above argument , he has relied upon a Division Bench decision of the Karnataka High Court in the case of Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board , Bangalore vs. State of Karnataka ( AIR 2012 Karnataka 186 ) .
if he had not disclosed the year of death to the plaintiff prior to the date of filing of the suit , then how did he get the information of the year of death after the date of filing of the suit ?
be that as it may , the Deputy Director , Head Office did not have jurisdiction under the Act , which would agree with the conclusion of Deputy Director , Rohtas ( Sasaram ) and thus the same continued to the illegality .
( a ) if the cheque is delivered for collection through an account , is situated a branch of the bank where the holder or the account , as the case may be , is running the account in due course ; or
as per the evidence that has come on record , 12 kg of ganja seized from the house of Navdeep Rai was in a packet and 90 kg 'ganja' from the premises of the appellant was kept in eight packets .
25- The State respondents have placed considerable reliance on the judgment of the Hon'ble Supreme Court in the case of Kuldip Singh ( supra ) and , therefore , the learned Single Judge and we have also seen the same .
thus , from the narration of the complaint , it is apparent that on behalf of the opposition no.2 / complainant it has been accepted that the instalment was due on the day of taking possession of the tractor and the trailer .
advocate , M / s D . K . a , AMLA , Financial Institutions , M / s U . s . Ssengrh , U . s . Sengh , U . s . Sengpuh , U . p . Sodd .
the learned senior counsel appearing for the wife and the appellant does not contend that there was no notice of the fact of the filing of the appeal to the husband , though it was due to delay of about three months .
at the time of the commission of the offence , they were on the west 10 Kathas of Mahua tree , at that point of time , none except Ram Pravesh Singh and accused persons , was at the place of occurrence .
8- The above conspectus of the Supreme Court is with reference to dismissal of the writ petition by the High Court on any ground other than gunas and to invoke the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court under Article 32 of the Constitution .
29- As far as the decision of Nanar Singh ( supra ) is concerned , in that case , it has been held that on the terms of the sale deed , the title shall stand transferred from the date of execution .
8- Learned counsel for the petitioners submitted that initially the complaint was kept in her matrimonial home along with her husband Rajiv Ranjan Kumar Pandey and her father-in- law Pandey in village Aama , district of the first page of the information .
(1) (1) The Chairman and other members of a Public Service Commission shall be appointed, in the case of the Union Commission or a Joint Commission, by the President, and in the case of a State Commission, by the Governor of the State:
(b) the representation of the Anglo-Indian community in the House of the People and in the Legislative Assemblies of the States by nomination, shall cease to have effect on the expiration of a period of 5[seventy years] from the commencement of this Constitution:
(A) such investment made in the shares of such company shall be deemed to be an investment made under this clause for a period of three years from the date on which such public sector company ceases to be a public sector company;
(b) where the property or any part of the property is let and the actual rent received or receivable by the owner in respect thereof is in excess of the sum referred to in clause (a), the amount so received or receivable; or
(8B) Notwithstanding anything contained in sub-section (8) or the notification of the Government of India in the Ministry of Finance (Department of Revenue) No. GSR 870(E), dated the 12th June, 1986, issued thereunder, the provisions of this section shall apply in respect of," 
(iii) any sum paid to a research association which has as its object the undertaking of research in social science or statistical research or to a university, college or other institution to be used for research in social science or statistical research :
(4) The prescribed authority shall submit its report in relation to the approval of the said facility to the Principal Chief Commissioner or Chief Commissioner or Principal Director General or Director General in such form and within such time as may be prescribed.
(af) on or after the 1st day of April, 2012, where the specified business is in the nature of setting up and operating an inland container depot or a container freight station notified or approved under the Customs Act, 1962 (52 of 1962);
(a) the amount of depreciation actually allowed under this Act and the corresponding provisions of the Indian Income-tax Act, 1922 (11 of 1922), in respect of any previous year relevant to the assessment year commencing before the 1st day of April, 1988; and
(b) in a case where the original asset is transferred after the 28th day of February, 1979 but before the 1st day of March, 1983, such National Rural Development Bonds as the Central Government may notify in this behalf in the Official Gazette;
(iv) such debentures issued by the Housing and Urban Development Corporation Limited [a Government company as defined in section 617 of the Companies Act, 1956 (1 of 1956)], as the Central Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, specify in this behalf;
Provided that the income referred to in clause (b) or clause (c) shall, on being included in the total income of the individual, be excluded from the total income of the family or, as the case may be, the spouse of the individual.
(v) as a contribution to any provident fund set up by the Central Government and notified by it in this behalf in the Official Gazette, where such contribution is to an account standing in the name of any person specified in sub-section (4);
(iiihc) the Army Central Welfare Fund or the Indian Naval Benevolent Fund or the Air Force Central Welfare Fund established by the armed forces of the Union for the welfare of the past and present members of such forces or their dependants; or
(b) an industrial undertaking shall be deemed to be a small-scale industrial undertaking which is, on the last day of the previous year, regarded as a small-scale industrial undertaking under section 11B of the Industries (Development and Regulation) Act, 1951 (65 of 1951).
(ii) being a Unit of an International Financial Services Centre, includes any income referred to in sub-section (2), there shall be allowed, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of this section, a deduction from such income, of an amount equal to" 
The E-Waste Management in the Eco-sensitive Zone shall be carried out as per the provisions of the E-Waste Management Rules, 2016 published by the Government of India in the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change and as amended from time to time.
On the contrary, he has admitted clearly that the endorsement in the coupon is on his own handwriting and, therefore, I am of the view that the decision of the Patna High Court relied upon by the learned counsel is of no help.
As the informant had to go out for his work, he left the place by closing his shop and making over the keys of the shop to the neighbourting shopkeeper with the instruction to make over the keys to Tarun on his return.
In this context he has cited a decision of the Hon'ble Apex Court reported in A.I.R. 1982 S.C. 1297 in a case of Jaya Mala vs. Home Secretary, Government of Jammu and Kashmir and others in which the Hon'ble Apex Court has held:
4- The present proceedings under Articles 226 and 227 of the Constitution of India arise out of a consolidation proceeding under the provisions of the Bihar Land Holdings and Prevention of Fragmentation Act , 1956 ( for short the Act ) .
thus , the prosecution version about taking the three persons apprehended from the place of occurrence to the police station along with the informator and then submitting their written report and then sending the hospital to the hospital , appears to be doubtful .
17 . as far as the report of the Pleader Commissioner is concerned , it only shows possession but if the order of the SDO is against the circular , then the subsequent action of the plaintiff will not create title for him .
14- On behalf of the petitioners it is submitted that so far as the second part is concerned , in the event of non-application of the first part , it was the duty of the State to exercise its jurisdiction in the case .
on behalf of the appellants , it is submitted that the FIR has not been examined by the prosecution in the course of trial of the witnesses , namely , Siyaramsharanji Chaudhary , Ram Sagar Choudhary , Chandar Devi and Siri Ram Choudhary .
2013 ( 1 ) BLJ and JLJ 6 , it is hereby clarified that with the consent of the parties , this order has been made and no decision has been taken on the merits of any narrative made in the interlocutory application .
though in the case of serving Government servants , an order is to be passed under Rule 97 of the Service Code after his superannuation , it shall be deemed to be an independent order but the consideration shall be nearly the same .
the learned Judge also referred to the earlier judgment of a learned Single Judge of this Court on the differences between two Judges of the Division Bench in the case of Dr. Lakshmi Narain Singh vs. State of Bihar , 1989 BCCS 147 .
he submitted that these primary priorities were instituted by the petitioner alleging breach of discipline and other functions and rigors on the asking of the projector with the consent of the Vice-Chancellor who the acts were detrimental to the activities of the University .
according to the plaintiffs on the contrary , they used to serve her and in the Will , it is mentioned by the Faujdar that he was pleased with the services of the plaintiff and , therefore , he had executed the Will .
it has been clearly laid down in Rule 13 of the said Rule 13 that the Superintendent of Patna Medical College and Hospital , Patna has the power to appoint , discharge or punish a non - gazetted employee except British nursing sister .
the terms and conditions subject to which the licence was granted are on the next page of the file of the court and the office of the licence contained in the file of the department is on the back page of the copy .
taking the possibility of a breach of peace in respect of immovable property , the defects in the preliminary order such as failure to describe the grounds of its satisfaction , will render the subsequent proceedings devoid of jurisdiction and bad in law .
in view of the findings as mentioned above , the learned first appellate Court had held in its judgment that at the time of execution of both the sale deeds , no amount of consideration was paid by the purchaser Bhago or Kunar .
in my opinion , in view of the facts as alleged by the plaintiff in the plaint , it cannot be said that the suit itself was not maintainable , as it related to the placing of the entries on an vacant land .
6- The ADW-2 Kamlesh Singh , who was at home , at a distance of two intercepts from the place of occurrence , is also silent about the food of any other person or the injury sustained by the deceased during the accident .
advocate , M / s , startern , All India Kun , K . N . jhda , Signer Kyngh , e . G . , p . N . G . , App . App . , F or App ; Movie .
26- A copy of the first page of the judgment and the last page be furnished to Mr. Ajay Kumar Thakur , learned Amicus Curiae , so as to enable him to pay the prescribed fee by the Patna High Court Legal Service .
hence , the finding of the courts below that the gift deed is a disservice document as there is a consideration in it is a defective finding and in fact both the Courts below had dealt with the matter from an erroneous view .
in order to prove the case of the plaintiffs of the title of two Muslim women namely Bibi Mahbub Bakhsh and Bibi Saheb John on the suit land , they have not brought on record the registered sale deed or registered wakf deed .
however , in view of the findings of corrupt practices recorded by the Commission , the appellant shall not be entitled to contest election for five years from the date of the order as is designated by Section 482 of the 2007 Act .
19 . because of the medical examination , the relevance of the post mortem report is not found to be at all maintainable , hence , lapse on the same point has been found to be a major lacuna in the prosecution case .
it is relevant to mention here that on the settlement of the cross - examined sessions trials , the case of judicial office bearers acquires eight units , while for the disposal of unexcepted cases , they were getting three units per case .
we are categorically of the view that the said station diary entry on the part of the prosecution , being omitted to be brought on record , should not cause harm to any of the parties , which would be a relevant material .
at a preliminary point , there is a provision for remand by the appellate court under Order 41 , Rule 23 of the Code of Civil Procedure in the event of the settlement of the suit and the decree being reversed in appeal .
in this regard , within a period of four months from the date of receipt of such a representation , a decision may be taken and taken as per the orders given by the Secretary , Health Department and communicated to the petitioner .
( III ) A list of selected candidates recommended for appointment shall be sent to the Commissioner - cum - Secretary , Department of Health , Government of Bihar , Patna so that it may reach them up to March 30 , 2010 .
in this regard , it was pointed out by the District Superintendent of Education that the employment of the Education Mitra had been cancelled in the said Panchayat , but the applicant stated that the employment was not cancelled , they were working .
2- In the proviso to Section 4 of the relevant Ordinance , it has been clearly mentioned that such teacher / teacher personnel who is in addition to the standard division mentioned in the Ordinance , shall be deemed to have terminated voluntarily .
the appeal and the appeal memoranda filed by the petitioner were rejected , as against the order of punishment , by the orders as contained in paras 2 and 3 , respectively , confirming the order of punishment passed by the disciplinary authority .
24 . the facts of Om Prakash ( supra ) are more or less akin to the facts of the present case in which the deceased Manna Singh and Amit Pratap Singh were allegedly killed by the police officials in a fake encounter .
it is submitted that this is a case of false implication for obvious reason that Ramanuja Singh had shared a part in the grove of the mango from his father - in - law , Hari Darshan Singh as he had no son .
10 . in the case of United Bank of India Vs . Satyavati Tandon ( supra ) , the Hon'ble Supreme Court in paras 1 to 6 has delineated the legislative history and purpose of the Act , 1993 in great detail .
the natural implication of the words for the purpose of enabling the court to compare is that any proceeding is pending before the court , in which , or as a result , it is necessary for the court to compare such writings .
( III ) The Court cannot act as a post office or representative of the prosecution as it has to consider the broad probabilities of the case , the evidence and the total effect of the documents produced before the Court , etc .
however , having been found to have proved the prosecution case against the remaining accused , namely , Ram Chital Masir , Mahendra Masi-head and Sukh Minar , the learned trial court convicted them accordingly and passed the sentence against them as aforesaid .
but neither Henj nor Msole's estate has been Wakf , from whose income the Alajat service of Ahurjata performance , the Shraddha Festival of Shraddhanas , the repair temple , etc . , is to be found by no means whatsoever .
the three members were in the late call on January 26 and during the first call on January 27 , within the circumference of the towers of the Forward Bloc , City which indicates that the office bearers were in the same area .
the admission of the argument of the learned counsel for the accused must , at the stage of framing the charge , be permitted by the accused to submit his defence and to examine him at that stage which is against criminal jurisprudence .
14 . the respondent authorities , especially the Accountant General and the Works Department , will also ensure that the pensionary deducted amount of the petitioner is refunded to him and the petitioner is given full pension from the date of his superannuation .
thus , where the purpose or the scheme is the same , where there is a continuity of the action then all the persons involved may be accused of the same or different offences committed in the course of the same transaction . 
Hon'ble Minister for National Policy Prasad Singh and Rajendra Kumar Mishra , JJ . Union of India , Ministry of Finance and Ors . Vs . Shri Guptawar Misra WJC No. 17517 of 2010 . decided on 29th Jun , 2015 .
Section 211 ( 1 ) declares that the executor or administrator of a deceased person , as the case may be , is his legal representative for all the purposes and that all the property of the deceased is so vested in him .
in these circumstances , the decision reported in (ILR ( 1906 ) 33 Calcutta 713 ) in the case of Devendra Nath Dutta and another Vs . the Administrator General of Bengal (will not apply to the case in hand . 
4- On the other hand , learned counsel for the plaintiff-respondent submitted that the petitioners as well as the defendant are in possession of the suit property of the respondent , hence , despite service of notice , the others have not appeared .
the other interlocutory orders passed by the Special Court or the Special Court , as the case may be , are thus not only appellate in view of the provisions prescribed under Section 14-A ( 1 ) of the Amendment Act , 2015 .
12- In the counter affidavit , the State has taken a party that the position is to be understood by reading the amended provision and reading the differences between the two notifications in which there is one in Hindi and another in English .
it is also argued that the suit shop is the only source of livelihood of the defendant and his expulsion , as against the requirement of the suit premises as pleaded by the plaintiff , would cause irreparable loss and injury to him .
under this Article , of no doubt , the High Court has the jurisdiction to ensure that all subordinate courts as well as statutory or judicial tribunals , too , exercise the powers vested in them , within the limits of their authority .
having deposited the said amount in the trial Court by the respondents for payment to the appellant within three months from today , the appellants shall execute and confine the sale deed in favour of the respondents in respect of the suit property .
the High Court is , therefore , entitled to see the reasons given by it in support of the order of the Sessions Judge and hold by it that the order is just or not in the facts and circumstances of the case .
in the presence of the internal and other members , the internal appraisal register was prepared at the time of the internal pilot test and all the members are required to put their signatures after the numbers received by the candidates were entered .
in cross examination , some questions were put to him by referring to him that in fact he was in his absence on the night of the incident and was not an eye witness to the incident but he has denied the same .
Hon'ble NAVALIT Prasad Singh and Neeloo Agarwal , JJ . Raj Mohan Singh @ Ranjit Singh Versus State of Bihar and Ors . LPA No. 198 of 2009 in CWJC No. 10199 of 1989 . decided on 8th April , 2016 .
that being so , the establishment of a permanent Lok Adalat having the power to deal with a pre - suit stage cannot be considered to be an intention to deal with an event other than the incident relating to the services necessary .
10- While answering the argument advanced by the learned counsel for the State as well as the private respondent , it was argued by Mr. Singh , the learned counsel appearing for the petitioner that it is a habit to carry the property .
Hon'ble Development Jain , J. M / s huge rolling mills Pvt . Ltd . Vs . State of Bihar Energy ( Holding ) Company Ltd . and Anr . W.JJC No. 2311 of 2014 . decided on 25th April , 2016 .
26- In the result and for the foregoing reasons , we are of the considered opinion that the impugned judgment and order is not suffer from any infirmity , whether statutory or fact , which requires interference by this Court in the appeal .
the order of the Tribunal was set aside and that of Hon'ble Ajay Kumar Tripathi , J. Vijay Narain Razak vs. Punjab National Bank through its Chairman and others , CWJC No. 13708 of 2014 . decided on 16th May , 2016 .
he , along with the deceased and Dilip , went to his grandfather's house and was returning after feeding and stopped on the way to give up urine , while the deceased and Dilip ( as his irrible ) were advancing .
60- Learned counsel for the respondents , on the other hand , submits that in view of the following rules of interpretation , the provisions of the Food Act shall prevail over COPA : the latter Act shall prevail over the preceding Act .
according to the learned counsel , this issue relating to the death of Poona papasi is the most important and the crucial issue and on the basis of the finding on this issue , the fate of the plaintiff's suit is dependent .
the defendants have clarified that since the remarriage of the plaintiff's mother was taking place , the fear was in the mind of Suka Devi and Jhalo Devi that might sell the fair property , therefore , the Will was executed .
according to the learned senior counsel , the restricted partition deed was not included with the said house for partition among the four branches as the said property of Varanasi is the self acquired property of the plaintiffs' father Badri Nath Misra .
Hon'ble Ajay Kumar Tripathi and Rajiv Ranjan Prasad , JJ . Mujiwar Yadav and Ors . Vs . State of Bihar and Ors . ; LPA No. 1296 of 2015 in CC No. 444 of 1992 decided on 20 September , 2017 .
13- In the facts of the present case where the provisions regarding the co - members have been found to be non reasonable and against the objective and object of the organisation of the appellant and wide spread against the entire work force .
in para 16 , he had admitted that if he would construction work in the hut on the north side of his house in the west of Pitch road , the entry and exit of the accused would be closed in that circumstance .
their membership , however , could not be imposed on the petitioner no . 1 Committee as it is within the exclusive jurisdiction of the petitioner no . 1 Committee to consider his application to make a person a member of the Committee .
it is seen that the first information report of the accused 01 Ashish Kumar ( Bihar Police ) aged 25 years , Aman Kumar age 21 years , 03 Amar Nath Sehni , 04 . Vijay Kumar were standing on the road side .
the pension of the petitioner shall be restored and the deduction made from the pension of the petitioner should be refunded , expeditiously and preferably within a period of three months from the date of receipt / submission of copy of this order .
when he had reached near the place of occurrence , he had seen Surendra Singh armed with a pistol and , along with two unknown persons , running towards the northern side , Anu Kumar Singh and Bablu Singh armed with a bangle .
33 . in the case of General Officer Commanding ( supra ) , in para 23 , the Supreme Court observed that in order to save a public servant from unnecessary harassment or prosecution , the admission of the appropriate authority is necessary .
in the years to come , four successive land acquisition proceedings had taken place to make this acquisition formal , but the failure of the Government to grant the money awarded and for other reasons all of them had been allowed to lapse .
according to him , having regard to the age of the appellant being 19 years ( at the time of the incident ) and social background , life imprisonment and fine of Rs . 10,000 / - with default clause were very high .
Hon'ble NAVpolicy Prasad Singh and Neeloo Agarwal , JJ . Rekha Kumari ( Seenka ) Versus State of Bihar and Ors . Civil Reforms , Nos. 292 of 2016 IA No. 1575 of 2012 . decided on 15th February , 2017 .
but , even in the absence of records , sending a person into custody , that too , on the basis of an affidavit of the office bearer in respect of an age of twenty years , is totally impermissible to do so .
Every person shall be entitled to submit a representation for the redress of any grievance to any officer or authority of the Union or a State in any of the languages used in the Union or in the State, as the case may be.
Provided that nothing in this clause shall apply to the publication of any report of the proceedings of a secret sitting of either House of Parliament or the Legislative Assembly, or, as the case may be, either House of the Legislature, of a State.
(i) under the Government of India or the Government of a State where the salary or remuneration for such office is paid out of the public revenue of the Government of India or the Government of the State, as the case may be; or
(5) The rights in respect of leave of absence (including leave allowances) and pension of the Judges of the Supreme Court shall be governed by the provisions which, immediately before the commencement of this Constitution, were applicable to the Judges of the Federal Court.
Provided that after the commencement of the Constitution (Application to Jammu and Kashmir) Order, 1954, no decision affecting the disposition of the State of Jammu and Kashmir shall be made by the Government of India without the consent of the Government of that State.
Provided that after the commencement of the Constitution (Application to Jammu and Kashmir) Order, 1954, no decision affecting the disposition of the State of Jammu and Kashmir shall be made by the Government of India without the consent of the Government of that State..
(d) the person along with his connected persons shall not be entitled, directly or indirectly, to more than twenty per cent of the profits accruing or arising to the eligible investment fund from the transactions carried out by the fund through the fund manager.
Provided further that for the purpose of calculating the actual capital sum assured under sub-clause (c), effect shall be given to the Explanation to sub-section (3) of section 80C or the Explanation to sub-section (2A) of section 88, as the case may be :
(i) the statement referred to in clause (a) of the said sub-section in respect of such income is not furnished on or before the due date specified under sub-section (1) of section 139 for furnishing the return of income for the previous year; or
(vii) developing and building a housing project under a scheme for affordable housing framed by the Central Government or a State Government, as the case may be, and notified by the Board in this behalf in accordance with the guidelines as may be prescribed83;
(d) to the National Urban Poverty Eradication Fund set up and notified by the Central Government in this behalf, the assessee shall, subject to the provisions of sub-section (2), be allowed a deduction of the amount of such expenditure incurred during the previous year.
(e) an eligible transaction in respect of trading in commodity derivatives carried out in a recognised association, which is chargeable to commodities transaction tax under Chapter VII of the Finance Act, 2013 (17 of 2013), shall not be deemed to be a speculative transaction.
(i) all the assets and liabilities of the amalgamating co-operative bank or banks immediately before the merger (other than the assets transferred, by sale or distribution on winding up, to the amalgamated co-operative bank) become the assets and liabilities of the amalgamated co-operative bank;
(i) "convertible foreign exchange" means foreign exchange which is for the time being treated by the Reserve Bank of India as convertible foreign exchange for the purposes of the law for the time being in force for regulating payments and dealings in foreign exchange;
(1) The decree shall agree with the judgment: it shall contain the number of the suit, the names and descriptions of the parties, their registered addresses, and particulars of the claim, and shall specify clearly the relief granted or other determination of the suit.
(4) No appeal shall lie, except on a question of law, from a decree in any suit of the nature cognisable by Courts of Small Causes, when the amount or value of the subject-matter of the original suit does not exceed 2[ten thousand rupees.]
For the purposes of this Code, the District Court is subordinate to the High Court, and every Civil Court of a grade inferior to that of a District Court and every Court of Small Causes is subordinate to the High Court and District Court.
The above document, the other documents filed along with the writ petition, and the counter affidavit filed by the University clearly reveals that the pay scales of the Upper Division-Lower Division Assistants/Clerks are different from those of the other categories of Class III employees.
According to the prosecution, the authors of the injuries on the persons of the deceased were the appellants and the said injuries were caused by sword and Bhujali which the appellants were holding in their hands at the time of assaulting the deceased persons.
It is not open to the court to prevent regular recruitment at the instance of temporary employees whose period of employment has come to an end or of ad hoc employees who by the very nature of their appointment, do not acquire any right.
14. Therefore, if the judgements referred above are examined in the light of the facts of the case, we are of the firm opinion that there is no illegality in the order passed by the detaining authority as well as by the State Government.
Likewise, out of 56 seats, 5 seats are reserved for Most Backward Class (OBC-I) and their roster points are 4, 20, 32, 48, 54 and 3 seats have been reserved for other Backward Class (OBC-11) and their roster points are 12, 28 and 40.
Out of the aforesaid five merit lists, as per roster point, first candidate will be of General category, on the basis of his merit, and he will be given option of 18 faculties in a Post Graduation, out of which he can choose one.
This Court has been approached by the petitioner under Article 226 of the Constitution of India which is equity jurisdiction and I am of the considered opinion that the petitioner is entitled for the deed of conveyance to be executed by the respondents forthwith.
in the light of the seizure list , the Investigating Officer , PW-5 , in the light of the statement of the witnesses , submitted the charge sheet against all the four accused persons nominated in the fardbeyan Police Station Case No.36 / 02 .
( 1 ) ( xv ) " Acquittal " In view of the provision of sub " section ( 3 ) of Section 401 of the Code of Criminal Procedure , a revision application was not required to be referred to a Division Bench .
18 . in view of the fact that the assault has not been seen by any of the prosecution witnesses , it would be difficult for us to sustain the conviction of the appellant on the basis of the allegations mentioned in the fardbayan .
learned counsel for the petitioner has drawn my attention to the copy of Appendix - 3 of the petition , i.e. , the statement of the victim girl , which has been serialised in the instant petition as the opposite party No. 2 .
in the English language it is commonly known that property is said to be in the possession of a person , if he is the owner thereof , even if he may for the time being be out of actual possession or constructive possession .
the said judgment does not take note of earlier judgment of this Court in the case of Smt . Vidya Sinha vs. State of Bihar and Ors . , 1995 ( 2 ) PLJR 616 , at Paragraph 5 , held as under : " 
according to the petitioner , his son , Prabhat Ranjan , took 4 / 4th of the land from Madhubar-Municipal Council on rent of Rs . 300 / - per month and deposited Rs . 10 , 000 ( ten thousand ) as deposits .
it has also been submitted by the counsel for the State that in the form prescribed under the Scheme , the record will be fresh recommendation for grant of pension in favour of the petitioner by the State Government along with the non-availability certificate .
behind the admission of this case on behalf of the appellants , the entire sport was to prevent the daughter of Madhuban Churi Chaura from earning any interest or benefit by adopting the wrong manner in his share and property left by his father .
the judgments referred by the learned counsel appearing on behalf of the petitioner will not be of assistance to the case of the petitioner as the facts and circumstances of those cases are entirely different from the facts and circumstances of the present case .
12- The learned first appellate court had taken note of the fact that on the one hand the defendant had described the suit land as his / her book land whereas on the other side they claimed that they are a tenants of privilege .
by so holding , the Court while considering an application under Section 166 of the Act , does not find any fault in the exercise of jurisdiction by the Tribunal while not making any deduction in respect of the personal expenses of the deceased .
22- The learned senior counsel has submitted that there was a specific averment in the written statement that Sokha Kundar had made a gift in favour of Satya Narayan Dubey and a partition had taken place in the family prior to the revision survey .
he has argued that for the second reason the non-fulfillment of the enquiry report with a query notice has severely injured the case of the petitioner and such procedure as adopted by the disciplinary authority is in violation of the principles of natural justice .
the terms under the Act can be ordered to be made by the Registrar ( Collector ) or by a competent civil court , after hearing both the parties , the cancellation of any deed , which has not been done in this case .
it has also been stated that the deceased Shivanandan Beldar was not a resident of the village where the incident took place and his residence is about one kilometer away from the spot and hence his presence at the place of occurrence is doubtful .
the determination dated 4th July , 2008 referred to above has also been held to be ultra vires Rule 20 of the aforesaid Rules of 2006 in Renu Kumari Pandey Vs . State of Bihar reported in 2011 ( 3 ) PLJR 497 ) .
Ex.9 is the table prepared by the plaintiff's expert , PW-11 himself and the disputed handwriting and signature of defendant No. 1 in this table is the detail of handwriting and signature as well as the admitted handwriting and the detail of signatures .
the appellant is discharged of his bail bonds on 28th October , 2013 at Hon'ble Ramesh Kumar Dutta , J. Mrs. Munni Devi Vs . State of Bihar and Ors . CWJC No.344 of 2009 . decided on 28th October , 2013 .
9- Similarly , the issue of maintainability was considered on the basis of availability of alternate statutory remedy in a delayed stage in M / s . Sh . Ram Ware's case ( supra ) and this is also a settled situation .
21 . in view of the above discussions and the law laid down by the Apex Court , it is held that the suit was not transferred to the plaintiff merely on the basis of the agreement as there is no registered sale deed .
the impugned notification does not disclose the reason and circumstances for giving the benefits of promotion from October 18 , 2003 instead of the date of completion , whereas in similar cases , the government had provided for promotion from the date of finish .
( 5 ) On completion of the Lok Adalat , the record of the suit cases shall be in the custody of the Secretary / Taluka Committee of the District Authority , as the case may be , the Chairman of the District Authority .
at that time the post of pharmacists was a district cadre post , so the terms were not to be divided into a ratio of 1 / 3 after the division of the State of Bihar and the constitution of the State of Jharkhand .
( e ) In the light of the recommendation of School Education Committee / School Education Committee / Inspecting Officers , Panchayat education friend may at any time be terminated by the Panchayat by giving prior written notice of one party to the Panchayat .
it is true that the prosecution claimed that the father and informants of the deceased were also sleeping inside the place but this fact has also been decided on the balance of probability , on the basis of the evidence produced by the prosecution .
according to the defendant , a loan was taken by Kairat Hussain but in the sale deed it is clearly stated that a loan was taken from the first wife of Khairat Hussain , namely , from Bibi Ahemadi from the mother of Jammal .
7- We have heard the counsel for the learned Principal Additional Advocate General , Muzaffarpur Properties Private Limited , Smt . Shahida Hassan and the counsels of various dignitaries who have filed applications in these appeals both on facts as well as on law .
thus , even then , the right to appear in court would be subject to compliance with the conditions laid down by the courts such as practicing outside the courts would be subject to the conditions laid down by the Advocate Council of India .
it is for this reason that in a police case , all the procedures followed by the Magistrate during the investigation , such as , remand , issuing of warrants , the proclamation , attachment is only on the application of the investigating agency .
Hon'ble Eakearly Ahmad Ansari and Anjana Mishra , JJ . Dhiraj Kumar Singh and Ors . Versus State of Bihar and Ors . , 1995 SC 434 of 2012 . CC No. 19240 of 2011 . decided on 18th November , 2014 .
Hon'ble Minister Navjivan Prasad Singh and Jitendra Mohan Sharma , JJ . Ram Lakhan alias Ram Chandra Mehta and Ors . Versus State of Bihar , Campp . ( DB ) No. 53 of 1992 . decided on 14th November , 2014 .
14 . the truthfulness or otherwise of the allegations in the complaint had to be seen at the time of trial . having heard the parties , I am of the considered opinion that the allegations made in the complaint are patently mala fide .
the entire work will necessarily be completed by the respondent District Magistrate , West Champaran , Bettiah within a period of two months from the date of appearance of the petitioner as indicated above and the date of filing of the representation by him .
the aforesaid case was of the Central Excise Act and section 35H of the Central Excise Act provided that an appeal and reference should be made to the High Court within 180 days from the date of communication of the judgment of the order .
the petitioner , who is a tenant in the house of one Pappu Sah , has suspected in the FIR that Pappu Sah , his nephew Shanni Kumar and his sister Anjil Devi may engage in the abduction of the son of the petitioner .
referring to the Sale Deeds brought on record along with the writ application , he added that the said road has been described as the " Home Guards " course , meaning thereby that the " SALE " of the Home Guards is " .
according to him , the impugned order of suspension is bad in law , contrary to the order of Rule 9 ( 1 ) ( c ) of the Rules of 2005 , and hence , deserves to be set aside by this Court .
36- A great deal of force has been given on the part of the appellants on the level of the witnesses and it is submitted that the witnesses were not competent to testify the signatures of the accused Ramballav Chaudhury on the separate papers .
the time-gap would be a material factor between the point of time when the accused persons were seen together with the deceased to have relied upon as an circumstance against the accused for the evaluation of the evidence and the detection of the crime .
however , while allotting the share , the report of the Pleader for the said house made by the defendant-appellant was not given to the share of the appellant , hence also the report of the pleader Commissioner is liable to be set aside .
a perusal of the same reveals that the notice / requisition , as a first step in the process of initiating a no - confidence motion , is necessarily to be served to the Principal ; even though the motion is proposed against him .
the Rule under Article 309 of the Constitution has a legislative feature and in the light of the power available to the State under Article 162 of the Constitution , the Executive judgement cannot substitute the Rules framed under article 309 of the Constitution .
in the course of cross examination , in paragraph 2 , he stated that when he reached the place of occurrence , he had also met the accused persons including 5-7 persons except the members of the prosecution and the wife of the deceased .
on the other hand , the case of the complainant is that there was no need for the State Government to take admission as the petitioner and other constable doors had deliberately broken open , intended and forcibly entered the house of the complainant .
12- Thus , from the ratio laid down by the Apex Court in the case of Prakash Singh Badal ( supra ) , it would be clear that an issue of non admission by an aggrieved person at the initial stage can be raised .
thus , if the date of birth was also recorded by the petitioner in the service return on the basis of the certificate furnished by the petitioner , it is not beyond the question nor will the respondent company be bound by him . 
21- In the facts of the present case , one of the rooms of the premises was found to be in a armoury , which was the premises in which there were number of rooms which were occupied by various members of one family .
on this basis , he has specified the judgment of the Hon'ble Supreme Court reported in AIR 1973 Supreme Court 1045 ( State of Tamil Nadu vs. M / s Barseen Shell Oil Storage Distribution Company of India Limited and another ) .
15 . after going through the judgments of both the Courts below and considering the rival submissions submitted on behalf of the parties , it is apparent that there is no dispute about the fact that the defendant is the tenant of the plaintiff .
whereas the Tribunal has taken 15 on the basis of the age of the mother as a multiplier , which is the dependents of the victim , aged 45 years , while in the present case , the deceased was aged about 28 years .
consequently , the S.D.O. Babusai , has visited the house of the petitioner with a request to vacate the premises of the officer incharge of the Police Station , Gulusai , Chief Officer , Inspector , Sadar Babusai and Women Police Station , Babusai .
so far as appellant no.1 is concerned , in the light of the discussions made hereinabove , we , in the light of conviction under Section 302 IPC , to that of his conviction under Section 304 Part I of the Indian Penal Code .
in the present case , the Court has proceeded on the ground that it is permissible for a minor to file a suit for setting aside a decree for a minor on the ground of gross negligence on the part of his next friend .
in the said decision of the Indian Veterinary Council , it was held that the Net may not be made a pre - requisite for the recruitment of the academic workers , if the Net is treated as a barrier for the recruitment process .
in the case at hand , the document did not contain any legal declaration with respect to any property being owned by Mahanta Balivari Das , and that there was no arrangement of any of the properties of the deceased testator or the gods .
Hon'ble Noble Jiwan Prasad Singh and Neeloo Agarwal , JJ . Shri Ram Janaki Thakurbadi and Ors. vs. State of Bihar and Ors . LPA No. 1381 / 13 in CWJC No. 6521 of 1990 . decided on 15th February , 2016 .
12- Mr. Anshul Raj , learned counsel for the complainant has argued that the law laid down by the Hon'ble Supreme Court in the case of Priyanka Srivastava and Another ( supra ) would not apply to the facts of the present case .
in his report dated 30th October , 2011 of the Medical Board on 27th August , 2011 , it is the report that the petitioner is not able to get the two infirmities , such as the strength of weak numbers 1 and 3 .
in the Theory / Pilot Examination conducted by the Board , the end result is published on the basis of the marks provided by the College to the Committee as identified by the individual candidates in the internal evaluation and performance of the candidates .
however , after the raid , a case being Sewan Nagar Police Station Case No. 165 / 2002 was registered under different Sections of the Indian Penal Code as well as under different sections of the Drugs and Prevention of Food Act , 1940 .
15- Coming to the case on hand , from the perusal of the material on record , it would appear that the husband has given a vivid description of his mental trouble at the hands of the wife and physical hardship to some extent .
( I ) There are only two cases of recent nature and the balance has been found to be past , as such , there is no justification for the petitioner to be treated as a habitual offender within the meaning of the Act .
the neighbour of the informant , who had come to the place of occurrence , along with the informator , had taken all the injured victims to the Raforal Hospital , Serwa from where the injured were specified to the Sadar Hospital , Siwan .
on account of rash and negligent driving of the drivers of aforesaid vehicles , he had collided with a Maruti van bearing registration number GJ - 160K / 3349 , on account of the rash and negligent driving of the drivers of aforesaid vehicles .
Hon'ble Ajay Kumar Tripathi and Rajiv Ranjan Prasad , JJ . Sulabh International Social Service Organisation vs. State of Bihar and Ors . LPA No. 242 of 2016 Arising out of W.JC No. 3384 of 1997 . decided on 4th May , 1997 .
14- In the written statement filed on behalf of the respondents , that reasons are set out in detail which we may call to be behind issuing such an order of termination by the appointing authority at the behest of the higher authority here .
3- Section 6-A of the Employees Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act , 1952 ( for short , the Act ) provides for the preparation of a pension scheme by the Central Government by publishing a notification in the Official Gazette .
16- This is for me to examine it as to whether on the basis of the allegations of the first stage , the learned Magistrate was required to proceed against the woes even without the requisite sanction required under Section 197 of the Code .
at this stage , the liability of the court is limited to the extent of finding out that from the material placed before it , in view of further proceedings in the case , an offence alleged therein is made out against the accused .
Hon'ble Ajay Kumar Tripathi and Neeloo Agarwal , JJ . Sudesh Kumar and Ors . vs . Syed machine Ullah and Ors . LPA Nos. 1412 of 2013 Cri . JC . No. 2790 of 2011 . decided on 21st February , 2017 .
15- From the material on record , it is apparent that there is also a dispute on the status and entitlement of the parties which is to be properly accounted in the light of the order ( Annexure H ) of the High Court .
34- In the fifth case , i.e. , CWJC No. 666 of 2016 , the petitioner is an office bearer of the Indian Police Service of the Jammu and Kashmir Cadre and at the relevant time was Deputy Inspector General of Police , Chhapra .
(d) land reforms by way of acquisition by the State of any estate as defined in article 31A or of any rights therein or the extinguishment or modification of any such rights or by way of ceiling on agricultural land or in any other way;
(a) assume to himself all or any of the functions of the Government of the State and all or any of the powers vested in or exercisable by the Governor or any body or authority in the State other than the Legislature of the State;
(d) until other provisions are made by Parliament by law, there shall be allotted to the State of Sikkim one seat in the House of the People and the State of Sikkim shall form one parliamentary constituency to be called the parliamentary constituency for Sikkim.
2. There shall also be paid to the President and to the Governors of the States such allowances as were payable respectively to the Governor-General of the Dominion of India and to the Governors of the corresponding Provinces immediately before the commencement of this Constitution.
The institutions known at the commencement of this Constitution as the Benares Hindu University, the Aligarh Muslim University and the 1[Delhi University; the University established in pursuance of article 371E;] any other institution declared by Parliament by law to be an institution of national importance.
(f) If owing to death or resignation, the office of an associate member falls vacant, it shall be filled as soon as may be practicable by the Speaker of the House of the People and in accordance with the provisions of sub-clauses (a) and (b).
(e) If owing to death or resignation, the office of an associate member falls vacant, it shall be filled as soon as may be practicable by the Speaker of the House of the People and in accordance with the provisions of sub-clauses (a) and (b)..
Provided further that for the assessment year beginning on the 1st day of April, 2003, the deduction under this sub-section shall be ninety per cent of the profits and gains derived by an undertaking from the export of such articles or things or computer software:
(aj) on or after the 1st day of April, 2014, where the specified business is in the nature of setting up and operating a semi-conductor wafer fabrication manufacturing unit, and which is notified by the Board in accordance with such guidelines as may be prescribed
(b) in a case where the total income of the assessee is assessable only for two of the aforesaid three assessment years, one-half of the aggregate amount of the adjusted total income in respect of the previous years relevant to the aforesaid two assessment years;
(xi) any transfer made on or before the 31st day of December, 1998 by a person (not being a company) of a capital asset being membership of a recognised stock exchange to a company in exchange of shares allotted by that company to the transferor.
(3) Where the cost of the long-term specified asset has been taken into account for the purposes of clause (a) or clause (b) of sub-section (1), a deduction from the amount of income-tax with reference to such cost shall not be allowed under section 88.
(a) the amount of capital gain arising from the transfer of the original asset not charged under section 45 on the basis of the cost of the new asset as provided in clause (a) or, as the case may be, clause (b) of sub-section (1),exceeds
Provided that in case of an investment in eligible start-up, the provisions of this sub-section shall have the effect as if for the figures, letters and words "31st day of March, 2017", the figures, letters and words "31st day of March, 2019" had been substituted.
(ii) in any other case, if such person is entitled, or such person and one or more of his relatives are entitled in the aggregate, at any time during the previous year, to not less than twenty per cent of the profits of such concern.
(ii) owned by the assessee at any other place, being accommodation in the occupation of the assessee, the value of which is to be determined under clause (a) of sub-section (2) or, as the case may be, clause (a) of sub-section (4) of section 23.
(iii) it is carried on by an Indian company and the work by way of repairs to ocean-going vessels or other powered craft has been commenced by such company after the 31st day of March, 1983, but before the 1st day of April, 1988; and
(6) The amount of deduction in the case of the business of a ship shall be thirty per cent of the profits and gains derived from such ship for a period of ten consecutive assessment years including the initial assessment year provided that the ship" 
(1) it is expressed in writing and registered under the law for the time being in force for the registration of documents, and is made on account of natural love and affection between parties standing in a near relation to each other ; or unless
However, beyond the distance of 1 km from the boundary of the protected area till the extent of the Eco-sensitive Zone, the establishment of new hotels and resorts shall be allowed only in pre-defined and designated areas for Eco-tourism facilities as per Tourism Master Plan.
Such finding appears to be an error of record, in view of the fact that the date of surrender was claimed to be of the year 1938, and the settlement claimed to have been made in favour of Sheikh Karamat, is of the year 1949.
The above document, the other documents filed along with the writ petition, and the counter affidavit filed by the University clearly reveals that the pay scales of the Upper Division-Lower Division Assistants/ Clerks are different from those of the other categories of Class III employees.
Secondly, it has to be realized that every member of the community is able to live with safety without his or her own life being endangered because of the protective arm of the community and on account of the rule of law enforced by it.
5. I have gone through the paragraph 16A where the law under Section 8 of the Hindu Succession Act, 1956 laid down the scheme of succession to the property of a Hindu dying intestate. The schedule classified the heirs on whom such property should devolve.
Learned counsel for the appellant drew our attention to the statement of the respondent-complainant and pointed out that the respondent-complainant, in his statement, admitted that at Jamshedpur office, the senior most officers were the Engineers and amongst the Engineers, the respondent was the senior most.
Secondly, it has to be realized that every member of the community is able to live with safety without his or her own life being endangered because of the protective arm of the community and on account of the rule of law enforced by it.
The escalation in cost after a lapse of 20 years is nothing but a high handed act of the Housing Board to somehow build pressure on the petitioner so that the execution of the deed of transfer may be avoided till some ex-payment is received.
hence , from the aforesaid rules , it is apparent that a delegated authority is not competent to remove a non-gazetted employee from his service and that is only the appointing authority who is able to remove a non-gazetted employee of the Railways from service .
however , reading of the order contained in Annexure-26 in the instant case is only a description of the findings given by the Principal Secretary , which has already been held to be vitiated for various reasons indicated in the back part of the order .
the other aspect of the matter is that even if it is held that the title was not passed to their mother , then the property remained the property of their father and on the death of their father the plaintiff would be the owner .
 " applying this principle , a religious configuration has to be held to be a specified person for the benefit conferred under him or to be a public man or a public arrangement according to his being or belonging to the classes thereof . " 
27- In view of the above facts and circumstances of the case and the settled principles of law laid down by the Apex Court , the statutory representatives of the original plaintiff , who is respondent , have no right to relief in the suit .
12 . in the case of Hero Vinod vs. rest of the month 2006 ( 5 ) SCC 545 , the Supreme Court has held that the finding or appreciation of fact from the averments or contents of a document is a question of fact .
due to said marriage , the persons accused in the complaint petition , who are the father , mother and relatives of the so called wife of the complainant , became aggrieved and tried to take life of both the complainant and the victim .
in such circumstances even if the widow was not in actual possession of the property , she would be deemed to be in possession of the property on account of the said principle that possession of the co-sharer is in possession of all the co-sharers .
in the present case , the District Magistrate , Monghyr had relied on the recommendation of the Superintendent of Police , Monghyr and he has placed the burden on the SDPO , Monghyr when the investigation was conducted on the Superintendent of Police , Monghyr .
the Inspector of Police Station had made available the services of the informants to A . s . Vidyananda Chowdhury , Counsables 367 , Sant Vilas Singh , Counterabul 11 . 57 Ramdev Singh , Counsables 1154 , Yamunana Isshad and Hawaldar Shri Niwas Singh .
the land had been settled and since then the defendants have been in possession of them and they have been receiving the revenue receipts issued by the old land owner and the State Government , as also the receipt of the guard in their favour .
on the basis of the arguments presented , the learned trial court had framed the issues out of which , point No. 4 relating to the relationship of landlord and tenant and issue no.5 relating to personal necessity would be relevant for the present purpose .
9- Mr. Shivanandan Roy , learned senior counsel appearing on behalf of the respondents , on the other hand , submitted that the attachment of the property was made prior to the decision in the money suit filed by the plaintiffs in the year 1950 .
he has submitted that at the relevant time , the petitioner was a Government servant and as such sanction was necessary from the competent authority before the filing of the complaint petition and in the absence thereof the cognizance is not totally permissible in law .
in the course of the cross examination of the plaintiff , paras 5 and 8 of her statement recorded in the instant context are the clinching evidence and the same is reproduced hereunder : " 5 . the Market Complex , was formed in 2003 .
it will be against para 60 of the Employees Provident Fund Scheme , 1952 , by making it less suitable for its employees in the CPF scheme of the Corporation , 1960 and thus will be hit by the exemption clauses of the Act .
the plaintiffs had stated that it was found settled between the parties that the plaintiff would pay a sum of Rs . 15 , 000 on which the defendant / respondent no.1 would execute a Mahadeama ( sale agreement ) in favour of the appellant .
the important feature of the power of the police is not only the power to investigate into the commission of a cognizable offence but also the power to prosecute by filing a report or a charge under Section 173 ( 2 ) of the Code .
the status of a full time subordinate employee from the date of reference of dispute , that too , as a peon , is the decision of the Labour Court to grant an unwanted order or award , proceeding beyond the jurisdiction of the Tribunal .
the learned Single Judge , after following the order of the Division Bench in Letters Patent Appeal No. 1343 of 1998 arising out of CWJC number 9547 of 1997 , held that the entire service rendered by the petitioner from 1973 to 2002 was pensionable .
the witnesses had not stated that after the ground had fallen on the floor , the deceased was dragged by the appellant to the field of gun from a place near a well which was at a distance of about 20 feet from the well .
32- In the case of Hukunddeo Narayan Yadav vs. Lalit Narayan Mishra (AIR 1977 SC 480 ) the Hon'ble Court had held that Section 5 of the Limitation Act would not apply to an election petition under the Representation of the People Act .
Deep Narain Tiwari ( appellant ) had tied both the hands of the deceased and all the accused had taken her to the western side of the cattle shed of Jitendra Singh and Bharat Singh and had told her that he would also be killed .
: * 12 ( 3 ) The inquiry for the age of every case relating to a child or a juvenile contravening the law shall be made by the Court or the Board or , as the case may be , the Committee seeking evidence 
17 . from a perusal of the judgment of the courts below , it appears that both the Courts below had become very affected on the evidence and plea that the defendants have been in possession of the property for a long period of time .
therefore , it is not far to hold that order passed in the revenue proceedings or the survey proceedings for proceeding to advance the claim of title of the suit land on the suit land cannot be a decisive factor in favour of the plaintiffs .
24 . the admission of the Investigating Officer to the case of the prosecution can be treated as a serious lacuna ; the same has been considered in the form of Lahu Patil vs. State of Maharashtra reported in 2013 ( 6 ) SCC 417 .
on information of the watchman , the police had arrived at before whom he gave his fardbeyan and then disclosed his suspicion against the accused persons who might have caused the murder in the aforesaid background as well as for the money and gold chain .
advocate , M / s S . s . SAHEA , NIMA , N , N . p . , N . J . and N , Laksmain , Govt . of Gujarat , Govt . of India , Financial Institutions , F or App .
the suit property is for the purpose of agriculture only and , therefore , in view of the pendency of the consolidation proceedings , the suit is not maintainable as notification under the Bihar Consolidation of Holdings and Prevention of Fragmentation Act has been issued .
on the facts of that case , when it was found that the decree being binding on the living defendants , it was not a nullity against them , but had become infructuous only in respect of the deceased , the defendant and his heirs .
it would appear from the record that in more than hundred cases decided by the petitioner , it would tantamount to ten cases which amounts to a impugned case , but he has contested all of them in the assessment tables set forth by him .
the learned single Judge , after hearing the counsel for the parties , had directed the learned Single Judge to re-prepare the merit list by complying with the principles of reservation and Roster as per the relevant date and then to take a final decision .
similarly , they had conducted post mortem examination on the dead body of one of the three years daughter of deceased Arati Gupta and Sanjeev Gupta ( PW18 ) and also one of their five year old son Sachin @ Golu on the same day .
3 . if the grievance is received regarding the employment of a Panchayat Education Mitra and the examinations are found to be illegal , they can be removed , but in their place the employment of a new Panchayat Educational Mitra would not be maintainable .
7- The power of the investigating agency to give effect to the seizure of bank accounts having been retained by the Supreme Court now it is to be seen whether in the present case the seizure is in consonance with the prerequisites of such act .
Hon'ble Mengeshwar Sahu , J. Jayanandan Paswan and Ors . ( in both ) Versus Shimamdar Shiv Kumari Devi and Ors . ( in both ) Foreign Appeal Nos. 22 of 1983 with 1 of 1989 . decided on 1st July , 2014 .
the height between the foundation stone and the level of the road will decrease with every new level of the road , if the height of the building is determined by the level of the road and not by the level of the base pillar .
10- Furthermore , from the above referred judgment , it is apparent that the classification of an offence as bailable and non-bailable is one aspect , whereas , the power to be exercised by force while keeping the custody of the accused is another aspect .
the lower court also held that so far as the properties in Schedule 4 were concerned , these properties were acquired by the zirst advance and , hence , which may be known as ziradvance , would continue to be in possession of that land .
however , in order to remove the Principal Counter / Deputy Councillor , a by a majority of the vote of no - confidence in the light of sub - section ( 4 ) of Section 25 of the Act of 2007 will be passed .
a new scheme has been introduced on 19 February 2007 , where clause 5 of the scheme shows that the benefit would be that of the grantee to the extent of the land holders where the award has not been prepared before the due date .
a ght of twenty minutes was His Excellency Hant Kumar Srivastava , J. Employees Provident Fund Organization vs. M / s . public cold storage , Maharashtra and Anr . CWJC No . 6920 of 2010 . decided on 18th November , 2014 .
the Inquiry Officer shall complete the further enquiry within a period of one month from the date of receipt / presentation of a certified copy of this order and thereafter the authority awarding the punishment shall take a decision within a period of fifteen days .
equally , because of the non- examination of the Investigating Officer , despite their presence in the testimony of the concerned witnesses , the relevant contradictions could not be brought on record statutorily and the details of the place of occurrence are also not present .
23- In view of the above established principles of law , the presumption of legality and correctness of the document is in favour of the appellants and thus , this document is a stumbling block in the course of the plaintiff to re-open the partition .
from a perusal of the judgment of the lower court , I find that the court below has held that since the plaintiffs have concealed the best evidence and had not produced the original sale deed , he is not entitled for declaration of title .
50- The situation in which we are , we are clearly of the opinion that in the facts of the present case and the circumstances associated with the instant case , the benefit of the doubt should have been granted to the appellants at least .
according to the Subordinate Judge , the amount of compensation at the rate of Rs . 480 / - per khattha determined by the State of Bihar is very low and not close to the market value of the land at the time of acquisition .
the heinous and serious crimes of the mental disorder or the offences like murder , rape , dacoity , etc . , cannot be appropriately quashed , though the family of the victim or the victim as well as the offender have satisfied the dispute .
even during the pendency of this proceedings , when the writ petitioner , who is the appellant , had retired , a letter written by the Principal of the College to the University shows that the writ petitioner had retired as in-charge of the Laboratory .
18 . in the factual background of the matter as mentioned above , I am of the opinion that the complaint submitted is only a ramifications of action taken by the petitioner against the son of the complainant in his capacity as a Police Officer .
moreover , according to the evidence of AW1 in para 7 , the distance that lies between him and the matter which is self imposed speaks volumes for there could not have been the presence of the deceased except as a passenger of a train .
10 . on a perusal of the order passed by the Board and the Court of Session , I find that the reason for refusal of bail is not in consonance with the provisions prescribed under Section 12 ( 1 ) of the 2000 Act .
in the instant case , considering the above facts and circumstances of the case , I find that the plaintiffs had come to this Court during the course of their stay in the hands of this Court and the respondents were dragged to this Court .
according to the learned counsel , the gift deeds are 'barrier' in the way of title of the plaintiffs and unless the plaintiffs save the gift deeds , the suit in respect of the property covered by the gift deed is not maintainable .
he had stated that both the brothers were taken to give some vegetables to the informant and how the brother was detained on the same pretext by the daughter - in - law of the informant , which appears to be a very natural conduct .
it is only on the basis of the record in the electronic meter that it is able to give a contrary effect to the contrary subject of criminal proceedings of a consumer under Section 126 of the Act as affirmed by the discussions made above .
since the final decree prepared is contrary to the preliminary decree and is prepared for the amount of rake , it is liable to be set aside , in consequence the sale effected in execution of the final decree is also to be set aside .
it is not the plea of the Committee that on account of detection of new facts , the requirement of reviewing the order passed by the Division Bench 14 . we do not find any manifest error on the record of the order under review .
NavPolicy Prasad Singh , J. " Heard learned counsel for the appellants / State and also learned counsel for the writ petitioner / respondent " learned counsel and , with their consent , this appeal has been heard at this stage only for final disposal .
it is further submitted that if any adverse inference is recorded against the owner during the course of conduct of trial , then in that event , the Insurance Company would be at liberty to recover the amount from the owner of the shock vehicle .
apart from the oral evidence of the aforesaid witnesses , the fardbayan bears the signatures of the informant and the post mortem report of the deceased were also proved by the prosecution during the trial , which have been marked as exhibit-1 and 2 respectively .
however , if the term is taken along with the proviso to Section 49 of the Act , it is clear that in respect of the complaint filed in accordance with the Specific Relief Act , the deed of contract is found to be admissible .
therefore , considering the facts , circumstances , pleadings and the evidence available on record in the present case , we are of the view that it would be just and proper to take monthly income of the deceased to Rs.6,000 / - per month .
as regards the subject of reference , the following discussion is said to be a meaningful and enlarged construction in the Code , by applying ( b ) to the wider meaning , where the literal meaning is not in accordance with the legislative object .
Hon'ble Aditya Kumar Trivedi , J. Hon'ble Mr. Manish Kumar Chand and Ors . vs State of Bihar and Ors . Civil Reway No. 504 of 2016 in W.JC No. 4315 of 2011 . decided on 21sist Jun . , 2017 .
6- Having heard the petitioners and the counsel for the State and on perusal of the record , I find that the offences punishable under Section 498A of the Indian Penal Code and Section 4 of the Dowry Prohibition Act are of an uncompoundable nature .
14- In the written statement filed on behalf of the respondents , that reasons are set out in detail which we are here referring to the intention behind issuing such an order of termination by the appointing authority at the behest of the higher authority .
Hon'ble NAVALIT Prasad Singh and Jitendra Mohan Sharma , JJ . M / s . Ganapatto Products Pvt . Ltd . Vs . State of Bihar and Ors . vs . W.JC No. 913 of 2016 . decided on 18th November , 2016 .
hence , in essence , the submission made on behalf of the petitioner is that the defect was committed by the learned lower court in repelling the tone of the petitioner and on account of this , the impugned order deserves to be set aside .
learned counsel for the complainant / opposite party no.2 has also relied upon ( 2007 ) 2 SCC 711 ICICICI Bank Ltd . Vs . Prakash Kaur and others and ( 2012 ) 1 SCC 1 SCC 1 , StileCredit Finance Limited vs. S. Vijayalakshmi .
at the same point , none of the prosecution witnesses , including the informator , have been cross examined to the extent that the field of the aforesaid wheat was at least away from the alleged incident site , namely , Bainli bridge or not .
5- In view of the pleadings of the parties , the Trial Court framed as many as 12 issues , out of which , issue no . 7 and issue no . 11 were material issues in the context of the second appeal in hand .
Hon'ble Hemant Gupta , Executive Chief Justice and Sudhir Singh , J. M / s Ugandhi India Insurance Co . Ltd . Vs . Most Mangli Devi and Ors . Misc . Appeal No. 419 of 2013 . decided on 24th January , 2017 .
( ii ) record a finding with respect to the evidence specified in any of them , or in the absence of which clause ( b ) shall be the conclusive proof of age with regard to the juvenile contravening such child or law . 
1 (Full Bench ) Hon'ble Hemanta Gupta , Executive Chief Justice , Anjana Mishra and Sudhir Singh , JJ . Mahanta Ram Kinkar Das v. State of Bihar and others , CWJC No. 421 of 1988 . decided on 17th January , 2017 .
it was also affirmed by Principal Assistant in - charge , Chandra Narayan Prasad , working at the time that the said certified copies were signed by the then Chief Officer , Haveli , Kharagpur Kumar , and a brief signature was put by him .
21- Coming to the facts of the present case , for the reason marked hereinabove , I am of the considered opinion that it would be nothing but an abuse of the process of the court to allow the prosecution to continue against the petitioners .
(a) a member of a Public Service Commission may, by writing under his hand addressed, in the case of the Union Commission or a Joint Commission, to the President, and in the case of a State Commission, to the Governor of the State, resign his office;
(2) Notwithstanding anything in this Constitution, for a period of ten years from the date of the formation of the State of Nagaland or for such further period as the Governor may, on the recommendation of the regional council, by public notification specify in this behalf,"
j) all courts of civil, criminal and revenue jurisdiction, all authorities and all officers, judicial, executive and ministerial, throughout the territory of the State of Sikkim shall continue on and from the appointed day to exercise their respective functions subject to the provisions of this Constitution;
Explanation." Where any amount is withdrawn on closure of the account in a previous year in which the business carried on by the assessee is no longer in existence, the provisions of this sub-section shall apply as if the business is in existence in that previous year.
(3) Nothing contained in sub-section (1) shall apply where the amount of unabsorbed depreciation allowance or of the unabsorbed investment allowance, as the case may be, or the aggregate amount of such allowances in the case of a domestic company is less than one lakh rupees.
(b) "eligible project or scheme" means such project or scheme for promoting the social and economic welfare of, or the uplift of, the public as the Central Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, specify in this behalf on the recommendations of the National Committee.
Explanation." Where the business or interest in such business is transferred in a previous year in which such business carried on by the assessee is no longer in existence, the provisions of this clause shall apply as if the business is in existence in that previous year;
(a) the amount of depreciation actually allowed to him under this Act or under the corresponding provisions of the Indian Income-tax Act, 1922 (11 of 1922), in respect of any previous year relevant to the assessment year commencing before the 1st day of April, 1988; and
(i) in respect of any previous year relevant to the assessment year commencing on the 1st day of April, 1988, the aggregate of the written down values of all the assets falling within that block of assets at the beginning of the previous year and adjusted," 
(3) The written down value of any asset used for the purposes of profession shall be deemed to have been calculated as if the assessee had claimed and had been actually allowed the deduction in respect of the depreciation for each of the relevant assessment years.
(b) the shareholding of the sole proprietor in the company is not less than fifty per cent of the total voting power in the company and his shareholding continues to remain as such for a period of five years from the date of the succession; and
(b) "net consideration", in relation to the transfer of a capital asset, means the full value of the consideration received or accruing as a result of the transfer of the capital asset as reduced by the expenditure incurred wholly and exclusively in connection with such transfer.
Provided that such deduction shall not be allowed in computing the total income of any of the ten previous years aforesaid in respect of which the industrial undertaking is not a small-scale industrial undertaking within the meaning of clause (b) of the Explanation below sub-section (8).
(b) in the case of a decree passed against a firm, power to grant leave to execute such decree against any person, other than such a person as is referred to in clause (b), or clause (c), of sub-rule (1) of rule 50 of Order XXI.
the attachment shall be deemed to be withdrawn, and, in the case of immovable property, the withdrawal shall, if the judgment-debtor so desires, be proclaimed at his expense, and a copy of the proclamation shall be affixed in the manner prescribed by the last preceding rule.
Contracts entered into through an agent, and obligations arising from acts done by an agent, may be enforced in the same manner, and will have the same legal consequences, as if the contracts had been entered into and the acts done by the principal in person.
(2) The Zonal Master Plan for the Eco-sensitive Zone shall be prepared by the State Government in such manner as is specified in this notification and also in consonance with the relevant Central and State laws and the guidelines issued by the Central Government, if any.
Thus, the benefit of sub-section 2 of Section 19 of the Act, can be availed by the petitioner on the article of the Food only if he has proved that he has sold the salt in the original condition as he had purchased from the manufacturer.
(iii) to maintain and manage the principal market yard and sub market yards and to control, regulate and run the market in the interest of the agriculturists and licenses in accordance with the provisions of this Act and the rules and the bye-laws made thereunder; 3.
However, the decision not to fill up those posts should be taken on bona fide and should not be arbitrary and the vacancies are proposed to be filled, the State is obliged to fill them in accordance with merit from the list of the selected candidates.
This benefit will be given to the petitioner by the respondent-State within a period of four weeks from the date of receipt of a copy of the order of this Court, in accordance with law, Rules, Regulations, policies and enforceable government orders, applicable to the petitioner.
21- For the aforesaid reasons , the impugned judgment and award is set aside , the claim submitted by the claimant from the date of filing of the claim application till the date of its recovery is allowed with interest of 9 % payable to him .
13- In view of the above , particularly in view of the decision of this Court as quoted above , the intendment of the notice or the Attorney of the executant Court does not clarify and at best it can be said to be mere irregularity .
the father of the petitioners had claimed his lenient right on the ground that the same was declared a share cropper right only in 1957 by the competent authority in terms of Section 49E of the B . t . Act on the lands in dispute .
9- However , even at this stage , if the complainant is willing to take recourse to the arbitration process , he is permitted to do so and even quashing of the present proceedings would not have any effect on any civil claims of the Plaintiffs .
since , by value , the issue of the suit being obstructed by the provisions of Section 34 of the Court fee and the provisions of Section 34 of the Specific Relief Act is interconnected , I shall proceed to deal with the said issues together .
9- If this is the position on the first allegation , then it is clear that the Principal Secretary has ignored certain very important facts and has not taken into account the argument or favour of the petitioner with regard to the payment of repetition Kumari .
15 . having seen so , by no flight of imagination , this Statute is by no stretch of imagination , by no stretch of imagination , the Special Director has no such inherent power or statutory power as he is not required in this case .
it was also not her case that the money decrees and the auction sale in the execution proceedings were received by the defendant in collusion with the father , uncle and grandmother of the plaintiff by the first group as they were hostile towards her interest .
in view of the law laid down by the Apex Court in the case of Bhajan Lal ( supra ) , the Court is absolutely competent to interfere with such prosecution under Section 482 of the Code of Criminal Procedure , which has been repeatedly reiterated .
3 . the legality and pension of the aforesaid order of the learned counsel for the petitioner has been moved by challenging the validity of paras 119 of the Pension Regulation 1 ( 1961 ) and para 29.1 of the Pension Payment instruction ( 1973 ) .
17- In the case of Rameshwar Yadav ( supra ) , the situation was quite different and it was a case of a retired soldier from the army and the offence of murder was committed and the conviction was recorded after retirement of the concerned employee .
in order to check this , it is necessary that the Director General of Police , Bihar should organize a training programme for the police officers working at the Police Station , Zone , to acquaint them with the provisions of the Act at regular intervals .
for in the field of other important departments of the highest knowledge of material progress and in the field of advanced medicine , the people of India should not be deprived of the best part of the country's genius which can produce hidden talent .
the case of the writ petitioner is that due to the new Code of Criminal Procedure , the control of the Department of Police over the services of the Assistant Public Prosecutor was to be over , but the State Government was not issuing necessary notification .
on account of sudden death of a livelihood holder , a scheme of appointment on compassionate ground was drawn only by the Union of India and also by the public undertakings and different States for the purpose of showing kindness to the family of deceased employee .
33 . it is relevant to state that the Law Commission of India had advised that the office of the Public Prosecutor should always be held in consultation with the Sessions Judge by a member of the Bar on a panel prepared by the District Magistrate .
9- Though in the case of Santosh Devi , the Hon'ble Supreme Court has taken note of the ratio of decision rendered in the case of Sarla Verma ( supra ) , particularly the so-called last three lines of para 24 of the said judgment .
by issuing the injury report , only the nature of the injury and the weapon used could be ascertained : acquittal cannot be said to be just " Order of acquittal can be set aside and remand matter to the trial court for a fresh decision .
5- The documents submitted on behalf of the defence are Ext.-A , which is the attested copy of the FIR dated 7.7.1998 , which is the attested copy of the fardbeyan of Ext.A / 1 , which is the attested copy of the fardbeyan dated 6.7.1998 .
( b ) any agreement , the so called object or object of which is to get the benefit of either of the parties by specifying the fluctuation in the value of the shares or debentures or of any of the bargain for shares or debentures ;
11- Keeping in view the entire facts and circumstances of the case , we do not find any illegality or impropriety in the order passed by the learned Single Judge , but there are certain things which are required to be added to the present proceedings .
9 . the learned trial Court , in the course of the trial , after considering the oral and documentary evidence brought on record , came to the conclusion that Gokul Ahir had only one son Ramlha and had no son of the name of Mathura .
18 . admittedly , the alleged incident had taken place in the year 1983 on account of a minor dispute in demand of wages and the prosecution could not be able to establish the fact as to who had given a fatal blow to the deceased .
the learned Chief Judicial Magistrate , Aurangabad , by an order dated 11th February , 2013 , held that since the alleged offence was not committed on the highway and , therefore , a stretch of sixty days in the case of the petitioner would apply .
16- As would be evident from a reading of the provision of Section 15 of the Act , it is the Registrar who is the head administrative office bearer of the University and he has to perform the duties specified in Section 15 of the Act .
( III ) record a finding with respect to the evidence specified in either of which , or in the absence of which , clause ( b ) shall be the conclusive proof of the age with regard to the juvenile contravening such child or law .
it is his case that in the event of an application being made by the petitioner against the first application also , in the terms of the second advertisement it was clearly stated that the eligibility was to be considered in connection with the advertisement first .
31 . it may be mentioned that in the instant memorandum of the second appeal , question has not been raised on the validity of the hearing ex parte , as it would appear from the material questions of law framed in the memo of appeal .
but in special circumstances including emergency situations , the recording of information in writing and sending a copy of the same to the higher office bearer can be postponed by a reasonable period of time , i . e . after search , entry and seizure .
according to the learned counsel , since the first appeal can be decided only on the question of law , that is , in the admitted facts and circumstances of the case , the suit filed by the plaintiff is barred by the law of limitation .
( 4 ) The definition of " easement " in sections 25 and 26 and 2 shall not apply to cases arising in the territories to which the Indian easement Act , 1882 ( 5 of 1882 ) , shall for the time being , extend .
in the instant case , before a year has been passed by the defendant No. 2 , the property has been sold to defendant No. 5 , thus , the plaintiff was not in a position to perform his share of the contract within one year .
further submission is that it was for the plaintiff to fill up , that the fact of payment of consideration should have been proved to Sheikh Atatullah , who was brother of Sheikh Sharuuddin , but the plaintiff did not examine Sheikh Atatullah as a witness .
it is also the case of the appellant that the opposition numbers 2 and 3 had induced and persuaded the appellant to purchase the land as the ground was free of charge / liability and the case was not the subject matter of any confiscation proceedings .
because of the fact that due to her neglect , the petitioners have not been able to give the correct place of the so - called incident place and also to bring out the material sequence of events leading to the evidence of the prosecution witnesses .
this witness has also stated in para 4 of his cross-examination that at the time of admission of the case , Sukhdev and Lal Ji were present and in connection with filing of the case , he had gone to the Court of Chief Judicial Magistrate .
it is further apparent from the evidence of the witnesses that the house of Samhulah and the flour mill of Safi Alam were also not shown by the Investigating Officer during the inspection of the spot , though the same was accepted by the prosecution witnesses .
8- According to the learned counsel , in view of Section 40 of the Transfer of Property Act , the gift deed ( Ex.2 ) shall not affect the right of the defendant , which is based on a compromise deed prior to the gift deed .
2- It is also apparent from the basic order of the District Programme Officer and the order of the Collector that on the next day of the festival of Holi , the petitioner was not found present at the inspection of Anganwari Centre of the petitioner .
( 3 ) An award based on a settlement arrived at between the parties can only be challenged by filing a petition under Articles 226 and 227 of the Constitution of India and challenging the violation of the procedure prescribed in Section 20 of the Act .
it is concluded by the argument that the erstwhile Divisional Education Officer , Manjhi , and pre - operative section in the planning unit is totally guilty , for which the teacher planning process could not be completed and no candidates could be put to employment .
12 . accordingly , I hold that so far as the locals held by the Central Government and any other State Government are concerned , the said Act is ultra vires the Constitution of India as it does not have any legislative competence to that extent .
( I ) All Rules of Resolution instructions , etc . , in respect of employment of elementary teachers / physical teachers / panchayat educator / Education friend in the rural area shall be deemed to be repealed from the date of effective of this Rules .
in the above view of the matter , we are of the view that it was properly argued by the learned counsel appearing on behalf of the appellant that the matter probably does not fall within the ambit of Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code .
provided that the provision shall apply to all the Committees , from the primary committee to the top committees , provided also that such reservation shall be governed by the rules made under this Act for the purpose of the first Committee and the Apex Committee .
the Hon'ble Court had upheld the power of the Committee to make its own bye - laws on the touchstone of independence of contract and on the right to constitute a union guaranteed by Article 19 ( 1 ) ( c ) of the Constitution .
further , according to his principal examination , it is apparent that he disclosed the door of the informant to be the door of the place of occurrence whereas in paragraph 9 , he had shown the door of Rupal Rai as the place of occurrence .
on the same day , on perusal of the injury report issued by the Primary Health Centre , Kurseela , he examined Prakash Chandra Roy and received the following injuries : 1 On the right side of the cheek , four dark discs of firearms .
on the contrary , the respondents submitted that the alleged house was in such a position that it could not have been mentioned as house and , in fact , on the day of the tour of the Pleader Commissioner , the cultivated crops were there .
apart from this decision , learned counsel relied upon another decision of the Supreme Court in the case of State Bank of India and another vs. M / s . m . s . w . International Limited and another , AIR 2011 Supreme Court 2906 .
9- The only dispute that arises in the writ petition as well as in the appeal is as to whether the appellants were entitled to the benefits which were granted to them by the Land Rural Bank at Bhagalpur , despite the constitution of the respondent .
it is unequivocal that the act of any public official vested with the statutory authority under the Special Marriage Act / because of the record of fact , the Marriage Certificate is a public document under the provisions of the Chapter of the Special Marriage Act .
on the other hand , it has not been narrated by the appellant that the home and the Sapta are not the sine qua non of rituals according to the family traditions , nor is there any such statement in the written statement nor in evidence .
12- With regard to the nature of injuries which were found on the said dead body , no question has been put to either by the prosecution or the defence on account of the findings of the doctor and / or his opinion and the death .
he also explained that one of the acquitted accused persons was a resident of the present Head and one Bharat Bhushan @ Pappu was his previous head while one of the acquitted accused was trying to contest the elections for a member of the Panchayat Committee .
then , at that stage , it could be treated as a petition for the grant of letters of administration and for that , the following requirements were to be made available : ( a ) The time and place of the death of the deceased .
he is : - ( a ) Whether the date of the incident will be the reckoned for the purpose of determining the age of the alleged offender as a juvenile offender or the date when he is presented here to the Court / competent authority .
120 . parties to civil suit and husband or wife of a person under their wives or husband or criminal trial shall be , in all civil proceedings , parties to the suit and the spouse of any party to the suit , the competent witness .
6- On the other hand , learned counsel for the State submits that in case of lump tax the due date for payment will be the date of registration and in case of failure to do so , a penalty of 200 % will be imposed .
8- The Hon'ble Supreme Court in Vir Pal Singh vs. Ministry of Defence , ( 2013 ) 8 SCC 83 , on the basis of report of the Medical Board , was examining the case regarding premature release of personnel of the Armed Forces .
denial of the report of the Inquiry Officer , before it has been decided by the Disciplinary Authority to establish the innocence of the employee has a reasonable opportunity to deprive him of the legal jurisdiction and is in violation of the principles of natural justice .
39 . Furthermore , it is apparent that from the written statement itself , the appellant / defendant had denied their presence on the alleged deed of settlement , on account of which , the aforesaid sequence of events was known to the respondent / plaintiff .
the heinous and serious crimes of the mental disorder or the offences like murder , rape , dacoity , etc . , cannot be appropriately quashed , even though the family of the victim or the victim as well as the offender have satisfied the controversy .
on the other hand , if any wrongdoing has been committed in the discharge of such duties assigned to him by a public servant , which is not on the basis of the delegation of any sovereign power , there shall be a claim for damages .
the external injuries . the eyes were closed , the face was closed , the face , neck , chest , both upper arms , burns on the upper part of the back , the left waist , the right thigh and the feet were burnt .
10 . such being the position , the argument of the petitioner / defendant on that a material justice is to be provided , has to be considered not only in favour of the petitioner / defendant but also in favour of the respondent / plaintiff .
Hon'ble Ajay Kumar Tripathi and Rajiv Ranjan Prasad , JJ . State of Bihar and Ors . Vs . Skills Kumar Tiwari LPN No. 829 of 2015 Arising out of came to be no . 1699 of 2008 . decided on 28th July , 2017 .
in other words , if there is a specific averment in the complaint , that is , there is an averment of insulting or adducing with an intention to honour the name of the caste , the express power is not entitled to any anticipatory bail .
5 . prima facie , the order of the respondent authority to attach the salary of the petitioner does not support the provisions pertaining to the provisions of Section 60 or Order 21 Rule 48 of the Code of Civil Procedure as relied upon by him .
so far as there is a question of rumour regarding the absence of character of the wife of the respondent , none of the witnesses including the husband had given any such evidence with regard to proving the mischaracter of the opposite party before the marriage .
learned counsel for the petitioners has also argued that as per the terms and conditions of the hire-purchase agreement , the financer had every right to take possession of the vehicle again , had the default in payment in the monthly installments making the hire purchase .
the mere refusal of the accused to do away with the absence of any explanation was held to be inconsistent with the innocence of the accused , but consistent with the hypothesis that the appellant is the principal accused in causing the murder of his wife .
it is not in dispute that after the appearance of the accused in the Court of Special Judge , a large number of documents forwarded by him to the Court , along with the report of the Investigating Officer , were made available to the accused .
The claims of the members of the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes shall be taken into consideration, consistently with the maintenance of efficiency of administration, in the making of appointments to services and posts in connection with the affairs of the Union or of a State.
During every succeeding period of two years, the number of posts reserved for the members of the said community in the said services shall, as nearly as possible, be less by ten per cent. than the numbers so reserved during the immediately preceding period of two years:
75. Emoluments, allowances, privileges, and rights in respect of leave of absence, of the President and Governors; salaries and allowances of the Ministers for the Union; the salaries, allowances, and rights in respect of leave of absence and other conditions of service of the Comptroller and Auditor-General.
(i) any equity share in a company being a constituent of BSE-500 Index of the Stock Exchange, Mumbai as on the 1st day of March, 2003 and the transactions of purchase and sale of such equity share are entered into on a recognised stock exchange in India;
(i) the accommodation is owned by the employer, the value of the accommodation determined at the specified rate in respect of the period during which the said accommodation was occupied by the assessee during the previous year, exceeds the rent recoverable from, or payable by, the assessee;
(9) The Central Government may, after making such inquiry as it may think fit, direct, by notification in the Official Gazette, that the provisions of this section shall not apply to any class of assessees, with effect from such date as it may specify in the notification.
Provided that for the assessment year beginning on or after the 1st day of April, 2021, the provisions of this sub-section shall have effect as if for the words "a sum equal to one and one-half times of", the words "a sum equal to" had been substituted.
Provided that for the assessment year beginning on or after the 1st day of April, 2021, the provisions of this sub-section shall have effect as if for the words "an amount equal to one and one-half times of", the words "a sum equal to" had been substituted.
Explanation." Where the moneys payable in respect of any asset referred to in this sub-section become due in a previous year in which the business is no longer in existence, the provisions of this sub-section shall apply as if the business is in existence in that previous year.
Provided that in a case where the provisions of this clause do not apply, the deduction to be allowed for expenditure incurred remaining unallowed shall be arrived at by subtracting the proceeds of transfer (so far as they consist of capital sums) from the expenditure remaining unallowed.
(a) by the amount of depreciation actually allowed to him under this Act or under the corresponding provisions of the Indian Income-tax Act, 1922 (11 of 1922) in respect of any previous year relevant to the assessment year commencing before the 1st day of April, 1988; and
(b) the amount by which the compensation or consideration is enhanced or further enhanced by the court, Tribunal or other authority shall be deemed to be income chargeable under the head "Capital gains" of the previous year in which such amount is received by the assessee :
Provided that where the date of the agreement fixing the amount of consideration for the transfer of immovable property and the date of registration are not the same, the stamp duty value on the date of the agreement may be taken for the purposes of this sub-clause:
74. (1) Where in respect of any assessment year, the net result of the computation under the head "Capital gains" is a loss to the assessee, the whole loss shall, subject to the other provisions of this Chapter, be carried forward to the following assessment year, and" 
(a) "approved charitable institution" means an institution specified in, or, as the case may be, an institution established for charitable purposes and approved by the prescribed authority under clause (23C) of section 10 or an institution referred to in clause (a) of sub-section (2) of section 80G;
(iiihj) the National Trust for Welfare of Persons with Autism, Cerebral Palsy, Mental Retardation and Multiple Disabilities constituted under sub-section (1) of section 3 of the National Trust for Welfare of Persons with Autism, Cerebral Palsy, Mental Retardation and Multiple Disabilities Act, 1999 (44 of 1999); or
(8A) The amount of deduction in the case of any company carrying on scientific research and development shall be hundred per cent of the profits and gains of such business for a period of ten consecutive assessment years, beginning from the initial assessment year, if such company" 
For the purposes of preventing solemnisation of mass child marriages on certain days such as Akshaya Trutiya, the District Magistrate shall be deemed to be the Child Marriage Prohibition Officer with all powers as are conferred on a Child Marriage Prohibition Officer by or under this Act.
The same is subject to sub-rule (2) Sub-rule(2) carves out exception to the said normal rule and provides for determination of any preliminary issue, which relates to jurisdiction of the court or a bar to the suit created by any law for the time being in force.
It appears from the evidence of the witnesses that they have given contradictory evidence in the FIR While in the FIR the informant stated that it was Ashish Sao, who snatched the Gadasa from the hand of Dilip Sao and gave him a blow on his head.
The material facts related to the occurrence have been brought on the record in the statement of the witnesses which includes the place of occurrence, as such, the prosecution case was well proved and the judgment of the Trial Court did not deserve to be interfered with.
13. The learned counsel has been successful in establishing that the fee structure at Dhanbad is at the lowest whatsoever, in view of the hike in the fee structure in parlance with the 6th Pay Commission and in the face of financial constraints, it is apparently justified.
11. After giving careful thought to the arguments advanced by the respective parties and going through the entire record, the objection regarding cause of action. The first question, which has to be examined is as to whether suit was maintainable at the time when it was instituted.
The girl was of easy virtue who tried to demolish the image and reputation of the petitioner in the society by levelling false allegation and therefore, the criminal prosecution of the petitioner would result in the miscarriage of justice by dragging an innocent person to criminal prosecution.
The counsel for the respondent- Union of India has also tendered a letter dated 13.7.2011 written by the Under Secretary to the Government of India, to this Court, wherein it has been stated that with regard to the misuse of coal there is no report of misuse.
18. (1) An employee, other than an employee on probation or an employee appointed on a temporary basis shall not leave or discontinue his service in the Corporation without first giving notice in writing to the competent authority of his intention to leave or discontinue the service.
He relied on the judgement of Supreme Court in the case of Kolla Veera Raghav Rao vs. Gorantla Venkateswara Rao, reported in (2011) 2 SCC 703 and the judgement of Madras High Court, in the case of Natarajan vs. The State, reported in 1991 Cr.L.J. 2329 MAD.
it was submitted that when the High Court reduced the sentence from six months to one and a half month , there should not be any further commutation in the sentence by this Court in the exercise of the discretionary power under Article 136 of the Constitution .
11- For this reason , it is quite clear that the prosecution has not been able to interrelate the recovery of the sample exhibits from the petitioner and hence , the finding of guilt of the petitioner by the courts in question is found to be unproved .
in view of the prohibition contained in Section 401 ( 3 ) CrPC , it was all the more obligatory on the part of the High Court to see that it did not by an indirect law translate the finding of acquittal into a finding of conviction .
25- It is thus clear that if the original proceeding has become meaningless by the subsequent event , it would be obligatory on the part of the Court to take such proceeding which is in the interest of justice which involves the disposal of a futile trial .
it is not dependent on either the case of Government servants deputed in other countries at the instance of the Government to deal with specific problems either for the performance of special duties imposed on public servants or for the investigation of specific concerning their technical obligations .
so far as the delay is concerned , according to law , limitation will commence from the date when the right to sue had accrued and not from the date of death of Faujdar Choudhary as in this case , the plaintiffs property was in possession .
it is submitted that so far as the reliance placed by the learned counsel for the State on the decision rendered in the case of M / s Master Maritime Services ( supra ) is concerned , the said judgment is not relevant in the present case .
12 . learned counsel for the respondents submitted that it is not necessary for the plaintiff to challenge the decree passed in the rent suit which was a collusive and misial decree and hence , it may be shown to be impunity of subsequent proceedings or laches .
within a period of two months from today , it would be the liability and responsibility of the total Secretary of the University to make full calculation and payment to this account , within a period of two months from any source or fund available to him .
he further submitted that the prosecution witnesses developed the prosecution case and made contradictory statements in the course of investigation as well as in the trial and , therefore , the prosecution could not succeed in proving the place of occurrence and the manner of the incident .
as per the request of the learned counsels , the exponent of + 2 appointed in government schools was always the government servant and was entitled to the same salary and allowances and other service benefits of which the government servants or the government schools have teachers .
the defendants raised a plea that the total area of the suit plot no.640 was 3 Kathas 4 Dhurar 10 Dhurir which was purchased by plaintiff Mahto the defendant No. 1 from Chandeshwar Mahto North and Babu Lal Mehto by Gianito the father of defendant No. 1 .
as stated above , the fact of the case stated above before the Supreme Court is similar to the facts of the present case and in the same facts and circumstances , the Hon'ble Supreme Court had laid down that the Trust was a private trust .
the description of the eye witnesses shows that the shot was fired at about 8 : 00 pm and the post mortem had taken place in the prevehicle at 3 : 00 pm , which means that it hardly occurred after around 8 hours of the incident .
this Court shall , therefore , direct the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Magadha to constitute a regular governing body in terms of Section 60 of the Act within a period of two months from the date of receipt / presentation of a copy of this order .
11- The learned Amicus Curiae , Mr. Bidhnesh Mishra , and Mr. Arvind Kumar , appearing on behalf of both the respondents , while upholding the acquittal of the accused persons , were defending the judgment of acquittal by referring to the circumstances from the prosecution evidence .
12- It is apparent that the above referred provisions were not brought to the notice of the Division Bench in the case of the learned Single Judge or State of Bihar and Others vs. Chandrika Rai and Others ( Letters Patent Appeal No. 1343 of 1998 ) .
according to the learned counsel , since the plaintiff is a rural , illiterate lady , the burden is on the defendants to prove that the plaintiff had , in fact , put her thumb mark after understanding the contents and implications of the document , Ext.A .
16- We have considered the above decisions and also a number of decisions in the matter of the Hon'ble Supreme Court and the High Courts going to AIR 1933 Pra Council 63 ( Hans Raj Gupta and Ors. vs. Dehradun Electric Triangle Company Limited ) .
in the present case before us also it is the case of the defendants in the written statement that after the death of GGB Das , he is carrying on the business of the family and the business of the family is that of the joint family .
( III ) record a finding as to the evidence specified in either of which , or in the absence of which , clause ( b ) shall be the conclusive proof of the age with regard to the juvenile as opposed to such child or law .
22- The plaintiff-appellants claimed that the then mutawalli S. Salahuddin Ahmed was registered in Wakf State in the year 1948 in accordance with the provisions of the Bihar Wakf Act , 1947 , in the year 1948 , in State of Bihar , Sunni Manzalis , Wakf .
7- It has also been pleaded that there is a huge composition and material contradiction between the evidence of the prosecution witnesses , as a result of which , the cross- examination of the Investigating Officer , had caused serious prejudice to the interest of the petitioners .
when her son had gone to the matrimonial house of Bindwati , there was no family of Bindwati at that time and on enquiry her mother - in - law had told that she had gone for treatment with her Fufa ( Jagndar ) , appellant No.1 .
in the absence of discussion with Section 6 ( f ) of the Naghat Act read with the Notification dated December 1 , 1904 in respect of the last part of Section 35 , the conclusion of the learned single Judge in this regard is not warranted .
he is well informed of the informant-in-law and on the occasion of selection , he was also at the house of the informant-in-law where he could have come to know about such demand as well as that of his in-laws of the deceased along with the appellant no.1.
if it is against the Deputy Speaker who presides over the meeting , it will be the Speaker who will preside over the meeting and if it is against both the Speaker and the Deputy Speaker , then it will be presided over by the District Magistrate .
therefore , a request is made by the Human Resource Development Department that the examination of all the estimates should be done by the department official or monitoring department because due to these planning unit teacher planning process is hampered and the employment has not been completed .
the only restriction on the University and its Colleges and Institutions is the prior sanction of the State Government in respect of creation of posts in academic and non-educational , or in connection with increasing the salary and allowances of the staff , while undertaking financial liability .
persons working on a contract / temporary basis , such as petitioners , have in themselves a class for which the University has reduced the prescribed educational qualification or maximum age as per the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between the University and its employee associations .
it would be expedient to note that the appellant herein , along with the above nominated four others , was kept on trial by the learned Judge by making an accused of committing offences under Sections 307 / 149 , 448 , 323 of Indian Penal Code .
therefore , according to him , the limitation that has arisen in the filing of the substitution petition , the abatement of the appeal is also liable to be set aside and , accordingly , the applicants are entitled to be substituted for the deceased appellant alone .
according to the learned counsel for the petitioner , the date of birth is already on record , as the proof of the date of birth through his certificate of entry , the Block Development Authority committed an error in turning the plaintiff out of the suit .
( VII ) The committee for Panel making and approval shall be constituted on the basis of the application forms approved : ( a ) The panel shall be constituted by the following Committee : ( a ) For teachers , and for teachers of physical education :
5- The learned trial Judge had held that there was no source of light at the place of occurrence and there was a concocted version to identify the rows of the two deceased as well as to brighten the lights of the torch to see the incident .
hence , the taking of cognizance or the criminal prosecution against the petitioners suffers from non-compliance with the mandatory requirement of the proviso to aforesaid clause and as such the order taking cognizance and the entire criminal prosecution against the petitioner is defective and without jurisdiction . 
if not arbitrary , it would be very unlogical to say that only natural children will be dependent and the adopted children , who are treated as natural children under Section 12 of the Act , for all intents and purposes , will not be dependent upon .
the first shot was hit by the deceased and the second shot did not hit anyone and according to the evidence of the doctor , fire arm injury on left side of chest was the only one and it was the first bullet that hit the deceased .
it is also admitted that the properties of Schedule 1 are the ancestral properties , while the properties of Schedule 2 are the properties purchased according to the plaintiffs , which are in the name of different persons and the properties of Schedule III are the lands .
26- In the case of Jai Prakash Singh ( supra ) by applying the aforesaid test as laid down in the ratio of the Apex Court and also for the reasons indicated above , this Court does not entitle the petitioner to the prerogative of anticipatory bail .
with this further version that the complainant Sanjay Kumar Thakur was the elder brother of Sunil Kumar of Baukhara village , who on account of the death of his father , had come to the village Bhrama , Police Station , under the guardianship of his grandfather .
4- It has also been disclosed that a notice of the matter has also been given to the Higher Police Officers including Deputy Inspector General of Police , Tirihuta Zone , Muzaffarpur and the National Human Rights Commission , but a suitable answer could not be reached .
when the amount was sought to be drained from the account of the petitioner , opposite party No. 2 , while being armed , had found that there was no sufficient money in the account of the petitioners , due to which those cheques had been dishonoured .
he submits that the proceedings of a particular sitting have to be conducted in accordance with the manner provided under the no - confidence motion Rules and the general provisions relating to the conduct of the proceedings provided under Chapter VII of the Act would stand excluded .
admittedly , as stated above , the plaintiff and his father had a joint interest in the subject matter of the suit , therefore , the admission made by his father in relation to the last division in the year 1947 would be binding on the plaintiff .
10 . admittedly , in the instant case , the accused persons are the office bearers of the company in question and it is also an admitted fact that he is a resident of Lucknow , which is at a distance of about 500 kilometers from Patna .
it is not obligatory on the part of the trial to consider in any detail at that stage of the trial and to weigh in the sensitive balance , whether the facts , if proved , would be inconsistent with the innocence of the accused or not .
it was also the case of the plaintiff that during the recent survey proceedings , the suit plot has been recorded in the name of the State of Bihar in which the entry is in the column showing the possession of the plaintiff over the suit land .
after such a long time it would be futile to remand the matter to the name of justice now , that too for the purpose of permitting them to adduce evidence in support of the grounds of the appellants , which has been raised before this Court .
it has , however , been held that not only the principle but every provision prescribed in the Code would apply to an election case except those which are specifically barred by the provisions of the Act and the Rules under which the election petitions were filed .
17 . on the other hand , according to the Defendants , lands in no doubt were the ancestral property of the plaintiffs , which was the property of the tenant recorded , but there was no premium on ownership of ownership , business , and pilgrimage .
on this information , he had accompanied his younger brother , Bhola Manjhi , the son of Bhola Manjhi , Badri Moni , son of Vishnu Manjhi , to the Bahada village of his daughter and all the members of the family were found non - existent .
Shri Akhileshwar Prasad Singh , learned senior counsel has submitted that in the counter affidavit regarding the non " merit of the copy of the petition , a defective statement has been made whereas the same is accepted to the counsels for the parties to the opposition .
but , in view of this Court , in the instant case , the opposition no.2 was only entitled to reside in a shared house , because it is the admission of the same that the petitioner used to reside in a part of a shared house .
on the basis of that enquiry report , subsequently the Collector - cum-District Magistrate , Gopalganj , had asked the Block Development Officer to act as per report , which was the appellate authority on the Selection Committee in terms of Rule 18 of the said Rules .
20 . at the same time , it should be kept in mind that the provision does not intend to drape it to any situation , but the other party also has to comply with the most admirable principle of natural justice contained in alim .
it is mentioned here that so long as the plaintiff does not prove his title over the property , namely , she is the real sister of Manjhi , she would not be entitled to a decree for declaration in respect of the sale deed in question .
10 . as far as the tear believe balance is concerned , the respondents shall also count the same and pay the amount in the said head within the aforesaid period as arrived at after the refixation of its emoluments in accordance with the Sixth Pay Revision .
at a distance of about 70 feet east of the railing of the informant , the railway line was formed and on the east and at 80 feet , blood was found , whose seizure list was prepared in the presence of the witnesses ( Exh.7 ) .
further , it has also been admitted that as regards partition of the property at the instance of the respondent , title suit no . 261 / 2007 and even title suit No. 295 / 2007 at the instance of the appellant is going on between them .
in the aforesaid background , the dispute goes out of the probate , therefore , the appellant should have taken a lead by showing the appearance of the respondent and the deficiency being on this point , makes the petition more maintainable in the eyes of law .
2- For the purpose of seeking the aforesaid relief , the petitioner has placed heavy reliance on the notification dated 10th December , 2002 issued by the Department of Home Affairs , Government of Bihar , by making amendments in Rule 529 of the Bihar Jail Manual .
gentlemen , you will yourself examine from the main charge - sheet that even though charge of the supplementary charge sheet is alleged to have been committed in violation of charge Nos.2 and 1 of Shri P. K. Chakraborty , the punishment has been imposed on me .
it may be said that doctrine of exaggerations 16 . Annexure-1 to the writ petition is an order of rejection and rules 39 ( 1 ) ( b ) of the Rules render the petitioner non est , which is the basis for rejection of the nomination .
however , as it had also come to the notice of the Court on the previous occasion that there is also a minor girl born out of the wedlock , there should be an attempt to detente keeping in view the interest of an innocent little girl .
advocate , Mar - Mr . and Anr . , putr . Nov . , Advocate - Member , Ad . Karnary nor Respect . , J. " Petitioner was claimant of post of agricultural adviser in terms of Advertising No . 2 of 2010 - 11 .
3 . the case of the prosecution as culled out at the trial can be briefly set out as follows : ( I ) the deceased Poonam Devi was the wife of accused Samjeet Head , their marriage took place about four years prior to her death .
the Misc . petition on Appendix 1 contains illegality as in the nature of the dispute raised , the relief as prayed was not admissible and in the absence of the voters , the petition was also suffering from the defect of the non-joinder of necessary parties .
12- The State Government has taken a plea by defending the order of Food Security Commissioner and also by adopting the arguments of Union of India that it would prevail on account of the Act being post of Food Security and Standards Act , 2006 COPIA 2003 .
(63 ) . in the case of Reserve Bank of India vs. Pieres General Finance and Investment Co . Ltd . reported in ( 1987 ) 1 SCC 424 , the Supreme Court observed that the interpretation would necessarily depend on the text and the context .
even in the case of Union of India vs. Ibrahim Uddin and another , it was an admitted fact that the plaintiff was not in possession of the suit property and , therefore , in such circumstances , it was held that the suit was not maintainable .
13- What constitutes an error apparent from the record is explained in the case of State of Rajasthan and Anr. vs. Surendra Mohnot and Ors . , ( 2014 ) 14 SCC 77 , with the help of an earlier judgment , in the following manner :
the High Court has noted the definition of misconduct in the Judicial Dictionary of Start-up , which is read as follows : misconduct means misconduct born of bad intention ; acts of negligence , errors of judgment or innocent error of judgment do not constitute such misconduct .
the heinous and serious offences of mental perversity or the offences such as murder , rape , dacoity , etc . , cannot be properly refuted even after the victim or the victim's family and the offender has been brought to light up the dispute .
Hon'ble Jyoti Sharan , J. in Shamim Tarrage ( in 13830 ) Kunan Kumar ( in 14114 ) vs. State of Bihar and Ors . ( in both ) , ( in BW.JC Nos. 13830 with 14114 of 2015 . decided on 12th February , 2016 .
provided that , whenever any Government is a member of , or is the payer , or is otherwise interested in , a society registered under this Act , the dissolution of such society shall not be done without the consent of the State Government having registration .
17- According to the case of the prosecution , four witnesses nominated in the FIR namely , Shri Narayan Sehni , Ram Ashish Sahni , Labhaini , Labcher Sehni , Parameshto , and other incident had assembled at the place of occurrence and interfered with the incident .
accepting the reasoning of the learned counsel for the accused , the same would mean that at the stage of framing of the charge , the accused should be permitted to present his defence and to examine him at that stage which is against the criminal jurisprudence .
hence , the cumulative effect of the inrmities as referred to , sets down the involvement of the appellant as an perpetrator on which the conclusion , as recorded by the learned trial court , appears to be perverse , vague and deserves to be set aside .
in the instant case , within the territorial jurisdiction of the Sitamardhi , the victim is allegedly subjected to physical and mental torture meted out to her in the matrimonial home and not at the house of her parents within the jurisdiction of the Court of Muzaffarpur .
in other words , if the number of votes polled in favour of a no - confidence motion at a particular sitting is less than the majority of the total number of members holding the office , then no resolution is passed in favour of the motion .
advocate , Mr . R . J . Ghanshyoparya , F or Apple applied to the Governor , Mr . Destor Menaad Tausady , In re Tap . N . Ain , J . p . Tripathi , J. " A day's delay is condoned .
3- First Information Report is the basis of an order of suspension , a copy of which is appended at Annexure-5 to the writ petition which had raised the discount on Police Station Case No. 392 of 2015 lodged under Section 7 of the Essential Commodities Act .
(60 The President, or the Governor of a State, shall, when so requested by the Election Commission, make available to the Election Commission or to a Regional Commissioner such staff as may be necessary for the discharge of the functions conferred on the Election Commission by clause (1).
Provided that if the number of representatives of the Scheduled Tribes in the Legislative Assembly of the State is less than the number of seats in the Tribes Advisory Council to be filled by such representatives, the remaining seats shall be filled by other members of those tribes.
References to the laws in force in the territory of India shall include references to hidayats, ailans, ishtihars, circulars, robkars, irshads, yadashts, State Council Resolutions, Resolutions of the Constituent Assembly, and other instruments having the force of law in the territory of the State of Jammu and Kashmir;
(2) The deduction under clause (a) of sub-section (1) shall not be allowed with respect to expenditure by way of payment of any sum to any association or institution, unless such association or institution is for the time being approved in this behalf by the prescribed authority :
35CCC. (1) Where an assessee incurs any expenditure on agricultural extension project notified by the Board in this behalf in accordance with the guidelines as may be prescribed90, then, there shall be allowed a deduction of a sum equal to one and one-half times of such expenditure :
Provided that where the aggregate amount of expenditure referred to in sub-section (2) is incurred after the 31st day of March, 1998, the provisions of this sub-section shall have effect as if for the words "two and one-half per cent", the words "five per cent" had been substituted.
(xiv) as a contribution by an individual to any pension fund set up by any Mutual Fund referred to in clause (23D) of section 10 or by the Administrator or the specified company, as the Central Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, specify in this behalf;
(d) any sums paid by the assessee, during the period beginning on the 26th day of January, 2001 and ending on the 30th day of September, 2001, to any trust, institution or fund to which this section applies for providing relief to the victims of earthquake in Gujarat.
Explanation. In this section, the expressions "ten per cent of his total income" and "twenty-five per cent of his total income" shall mean ten per cent or twenty-five per cent, as the case may be, of the assessee's total income before allowing deduction for any expenditure under this section.
Provided that the condition in this clause shall, in relation to a small scale industrial undertaking or an industrial undertaking referred to in sub-section (4) shall apply as if the words "not being any article or thing specified in the list in the Eleventh Schedule" had been omitted.
(c) any such member of the staff [of the foreign State or the staff or retinue of the Ambassador] or Envoy of a foreign State or of the High Commissioner of a Commonwealth country as the Central Government may, by general or special order, specify in this behalf,
(1) The Court may of its own motion, and may in its discretion upon the application of any of the parties to a suit, send for, either from its own records or from any other Court, the record of any other suit or proceeding, and inspect the same.
(2) Where issues both of law and of fact arise in the same suit, and the Court is of opinion that the case or any part thereof may be disposed of on an issue of law only, it may try that issue first if the issue relates to 
7. From a bare reading of the provision, it would be manifest that the initial onus is on the vendor and if he proves that he purchased the food articles with a written warranty in the prescribed form, he shall not be deemed to have committed any offence.
Such a simple mechanism of issuance of notice and hearing was not known to the high ranking administrative officer of the State i.e. Inspector General of Registration and, therefore, let the impugned order be quashed and set aside as there is grossest violation of principle of natural justice.
The contention of the respondents is that Rule 43-b of the Jharkhand Pension Rules is not applicable in the case of the petitioners, since the excess payment was not made during the period of service, whereas it was only given during the retirement period in the pensionery benefit.
9. In the case of Veera Exports (supra) the change of the date on the cheque was under endorsement of the drawer of the cheque, but in the present case there is no endorsement or signature of the drawer of the cheques under the overwritings on the dates.
Sudhir Kumar Singh , one of the gun shots as found on the person of the appellant , only such injuries are possible if there is a fire shot at some distance and there is an opportunity to spread the pellets prior to the start of the object .
power has been given to the SDO for settlement of land in favour of Proh . Nos.( a ) to ( c ) and so far as ( d ) and ( m ) are concerned , the power in question has been transferred to the Collector concerned .
when the show had come to an end and they had left the cinema hall , the appellants Vijay Singh alias Vijay Kumar Singh , Birendra Kumar Singh @ Bbishu and two others , namely , Sydaram Choudhary and Sachchidanand Singh were also called upon to meet them .
according to him , the judgment of conviction , which has been brought on record along with the affidavit of opposite party No.3 , is a corroborative of the fact that for the purpose of pressing the petitioner , the present complaint petition was filed with mala fide .
in such circumstances even if the widow was not in actual possession of the property , she would be deemed to be in possession of the property on account of the said principle that possession of the co-sharer is for the benefit of possession of other co- sharers .
having heard learned counsel for the parties at some length , we are of the opinion that it is not necessary to decide the question of validity of the aforesaid provisions in the present petition as in our opinion the petitioner is even otherwise entitled to the relief .
reliance in this regard is placed on the judgment of the Apex Court in the case of State of Rajasthan vs. Ramchandra 2005 SC ( Cri ) 1010 and State of Himachal Pradesh vs. Pawan Kumar 2005 ( 3 ) PLJR 85 ( SC ) in para 15 .
thus , they are the executors and they had the right to probate the Will . the defendants had failed to prove that the Will is a forged document - the document in question is a Will nothing more : dismissed the confirmed application of the trial court .
6- On the basis of the allegations made in the plaint and in the written statement and the counter allegations , the learned trial Court had framed as many as 9 issues including issue nos . iv , V and VII , which are read as under :
it is also alleged that eight to ten days prior to the said incident , the accused Rajiv Rana had made a plan to commit murder of the Himalayan Rana by entering into a treaty with his brother , Chandra Prakash Rana and Bhabi Smt . Geeta Rani .
one of the two sureties is necessarily to be the father of the petitioner , who as a commitment will also file an affidavit to the effect that he will look after the petitioner so that he does not fall in the company of non - social elements .
in the context of the judgment of the trial court , he has submitted that it was not that the suit was decreed due to the conduct of the defendants / appellants , rather it was based on the appreciation of the evidence produced before the trial court .
therefore , the limitation will not commence from the date of execution and registration of the sale deed but from the date when the plaintiff came to know of the fraud and / or when he came to know about this fact of the act of the defendants .
in the instant case the appellants had not led any evidence , hence , there is no question of retaining the same before the appellants , but as per the written statement filed by the appellants , there was an conflicting interest between the plaintiff and the appellants .
the son of the daughter has also been disclosed , and in the same manner the daughters of the bribery have also been shown , but in the family given in the plaint , there are no daughters of the friend and elder brother - in - law .
their Lordships of the Hon'ble Nobilk Prasad Singh and Jitendra Mohan Sharma , JJ . Krishna Rai @ Keso Rai and Anr . Versus State of Bihar Criminal Appeal ( DB ) no . 333 of 1991 . decided on 22p . m . , 2014 .
the relevant observations are read as follows : " 8 . the jurisdiction and ambit of review is not the same as the jurisdiction and ambit of an appeal and the same can be admitted only if there is a manifest error on the face of the record .
since the Special Court has jurisdiction to go into the question only whether the property has been acquired by an offence as defined under Section 2 ( e ) of the Special Court or not , while the claim of the appellant has nothing to do with it .
according to the State Government , the State Government had acted in accordance with the provisions of the 1985 Act and that the said Act of 1985 being held to be under the jurisdiction of the Constitution was beyond a challenge to the action of the State Government .
9- Considering the facts and circumstances of the case and the submissions of the learned counsel for the petitioner insurance company , this Court is of the opinion that the said submissions have to be accepted in the light of the relevant statutory notification and the statutory provisions .
the third party has a statutory right to recover compensation from the insurer and in case of any breach of the condition of insurance policy , it is the act of the insurer to proceed against the insured for recovery of the amount paid to the third party .
3- The defence of the petitioner was that due to the next day of the festival of Holi , the children were engaged in cleaning clothes and did not come to the Centre and was also ill for her stomach , due to which she had gone home .
( 4 ) In the cases to which the suit is referred to a public court at the pre-suit stage , the parties' favour and other documents submitted by them shall constitute a part of the judicial record along with the original award of the Lok Adalat .
this will in fact be more clear on the perusal of the table at page 267 wherein only the number of vacancies were determined on the basis of the posts admitted and the capacity to work against them , again after the division of the State of Bihar .
2- The appellant-Bihar State Agricultural Marketing Board ( hereinafter referred to as " the Board " ) was appointed to the respondent - writ petitioner Punhu Ram as a marketing secretary by the appellant-Bihar State Agricultural Marketing Board ( hereinafter referred to as " the Board " ) .
the consistency of 164 defence , formal FIR and the injury report of the same is also found to be completely lost on account of the misexamination of its author to the extent that there is non-compliance of Section 32 of the Evidence Act at this point also .
7- The learned Additional Public Prosecutor has also raised an initial habit in respect of the maintainability of such appeals in which the period of imprisonment actually imposed is within the limits or to the extent as laid down by Section 376 of the Code of Criminal Procedure .
finally , the suit filed by the appellant herein , was dismissed ex parte , on the contention of the plaintiff therein , with the expenses against the defendants contending by the impugned judgment and decree , as well as without expenses against the balance against the defendants .
then what would be the relationship between the parties ? In a suit for the restitution of conjugal rights , the finding that the respondent had sufficient reason to stay away from the appellant is incompatible with and inconsistent with the factor of merits in the order .
the most crucial aspect which will have an bearing on the likelihood of the final outcome of the present appeal is that the injured Ram Kumar was not with three other injured , namely , Anant Narayan Tiwari , Ravindra Tiwari and Amarnath Tiwari at the same time .
( I ) All Rules , Resolutions , Orders , instructions , etc . , which relate to the employment of elementary teachers / physical teachers / panchayat education friends in the rural area shall be deemed to be repealed from the date of effective of this Rules .
(74 ) . it has to be mentioned that in Alok Kumar's case ( supra ) , the same is the judgment which has been referred to and relied upon by the Hon'ble Supreme Court in the impugned judgment giving rise to the present appeals .
( V ) Panel for deployment of Panchayat Teachers : - ( a ) for the employment of Panchayat Teachers , the Panel for employment of Panchayat Teachers shall be prepared on merit marks by a committee constituted under the chairmanship of the Head of the Gram Panchayat .
sufficient opportunity was made available to both the parties as on some occasions prior to the passing of the impugned order , the land in dispute was also measured whereby the petitioner was found to be encroaching on a small portion / part of the path in question .
it is , however , made clear that if the parties including the petitioner do not co-operate , then the Committee would be at liberty to take a decision in accordance with law on the merits of the matter , after considering all the material on record therein .
in fact , the Superintendent of District Teachers , East Champaran had also mentioned in his report to the Collector of Eastern Champaran that the payment of remuneration was not being made to the petitioners from immigration 2006 as would be clear from the reading of Appendix 7 .
according to the plaintiff , the forefathers of the vendors of the suit land had died leaving behind late Iqbal Ahmad alias Iqbal Hussain , two sons ( defendant No.6 and 5 respectively ) , Asfaq Akhtar and Jalal Akhtar , who is the schedule of the plaint .
his main ground of criticism was that the object mentioned in the notification under Section 4 ( 1 ) of the Act was not clear and proper , and the publication of the notification under Section 6 of the Act was not in accordance with the procedure prescribed .
3- The reason of the incident is that in August , 2009 , along with others , the petitioner had dug up the trust of the girl child Vidyapeeth and had forcibly lifted her husband from the trust , which led to a number of cases between them .
3 . in order to appreciate the points involved in this case , it is necessary to set out the facts in brief which are as follows : one Maharani Janaki Kunwar Betia's wife was the owner of the property in whose name Khewat No.1 was prepared .
I am also of the opinion that the present case is fully covered by the judgment ( supra ) of the Board of Wakf of West Bengal and , therefore , I am of the considered opinion that the above two writ petitions are liable to be dismissed .
the relief sought on her behalf is absolutely misconceived and would have to be rejected in view of the law laid down by the Apex Court in the case of Secretary , State of Karnataka and others vs. Uma Devi ( 3 ) and others ( supra ) .
7- In the result , in the conviction and sentence , with the aforesaid modifications , this appeal was dismissed with Hon'ble Akhilesh Chandra , J. Union of India vs. Wazir Prasad , Millische . Appeal No. 1021 of 2010 . decided on 9th January , 2015 .
one of the unknown persons had knocked at the door and on hearing the same , the deceased had picked up from the bed , one by a lamp in the hand and one torch in the other hand , walked towards the door and opened the door .
his testimony is found to be completely contradicted by the evidence of the Investigating Officer as till then all the accused persons had already been arrested in the hospital and the Investigating Officer got several injuries on the person of the accused apprehended at the time of arrest .
15- So far as the submission of the learned counsel for the appellant is concerned that the appellant has a mental attachment on the part made , in my opinion , there cannot be a ground to have a mental attachment to give more share to any party .
such special sitting shall be called on a written petition addressed to the Chief by not less than one third of the total members elected from territorial constituencies of the Panchayat Samiti , a copy of which will be given to the Executive Officer of the Panchayat Committee .
36- Thus , for the reasons indicated above , this Court does not nd any error in the impugned order passed by the Collector of Munger District by cancelling the licence of the petitioners or in the order of confirmation thereof passed by the Mining Commissioner in revision .
4- In the light of the information received by the Executive Engineer , the Investigating Officer appointed by the company had also informed the Regional Manager of the Insurance Company that the insured had not taken insurance cover at the time of commencement of the work in 2006 .
the Investigating Officer as well as the supervisory office had also arrived at the conclusion in the said case that they were the petitioners who were responsible for fabricating a false story of the recovery of the country-made pistol and the cartridges against Pankaj Kumar Singh @ Guddu .
in the case of Girijanandi Devi ( supra ) , the view of the Hon'ble Supreme Court has again been reiterated by the Hon'ble Supreme Court in Kalyani ( deceased ) vs. Narayanan's case ( AIR 1980 SC 1173 ) through legal representatives .
the learned author observed as follows : " by making a distinction between verbal import - though not a term purposeful decision is not a new one , it marks a turning of the appellate courts on the other from the literal interpretation of the letter .
in the said case the Court had observed : " 28 . insofar as the general application of the Act is concerned , we are clear of the view that the date relevant for the applicability of the Act is the date on which the offence takes place .
if any of the parties to the writ petition feels aggrieved by an order that may be passed by the senior Superintendent of Police , Patna , the option of such party to take shelter under the appropriate provisions of law shall be open to such a party .
( 2 ) Subject to section 67 of the Act for the election of the Chairman of the District Council , different constituencies shall be reserved and allotted by the State Election Commission for persons belonging to the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and such classes of women .
the Registrar General of this Court is directed to handover a copy of the entire petition of the Code No. 11232 of 2015 and also to hand over certified copy of the records of the Criminal Miscellaneous Petition 9500 of 2014 and Criminal Miscellaneous No. 44931 of 2014 .
the other defendants are from the office of Kalyuga Rai and the branch of Bhagwat Rai and bow Rai ( the genealogy given in the plaint need not be described in detail for the purpose of deciding this appeal ) and the defendant are the second group buyers .
4- The petitioner - M / s . industrial Health Spectrole is a private limited company registered under the Bihar Finance Act , 1981 , with a registered Terms No . SNL - 702 ( R ) , which is engaged in the manufacture and sale of drugs .
under a mutual agreement , the family had decided that one storey building situated at Suheimta Nagar would remain in exclusive possession of the petitioner Chittaranjan Prasad Singh , while in Muneri Ganj , another two storied building would remain in exclusive possession of the other two brothers .
learned counsel placed reliance on the guidelines issued to the Chairpersons of all Regional Rural Banks ( hereinafter referred to as 'Nordic' ) by the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development ( hereinafter referred to as 'NABARD' ) on the guidelines dated 20.06.1987 .
24- So far as the payment of Rs . 19 , 000 / - is concerned , it is the case of the plaintiff that the payment of Rs . 19 , 000 / - was made after the term of mortgage deeds in favour of the plaintiffs .
22- That apart , it is also submitted that the respondents have challenged the correctness of the signatures of the alleged testator Vindhyavasini Singh and on account of this , it was obligatory on the part of the appellant to prove the same by cogent and reliable evidence .
we consider it relevant to reproduce these observations : ( case of K. Srinivas ) (( 2013 ) 5 SCC 226 : ( 2013 ) 2 SCC ( Civil ) 775 : ( 2013 ) 2 SCC ( Crl . ) 2 SCC ( Cri . ) )
in the case of non - admission of the properties also , it is of coordinates rather than being a mandatory requirement of the rule , it shall not discharge the same ipso facto unless a specific order is passed by the Court in terms of Rule 20 .
in the instant case , the appeal was decided by the Deputy Director , Consolidation , Rohtas , Sasaram and the revisional power was exercised by the Deputy Director ( Head ) against the decision of the Deputy Director ( HQ ) , which is apparently without jurisdiction .
in other words , if there is a specific averment in the complaint , namely , there is an averment of insulation or intimidation with an intention to insult the caste by taking the name of the caste , the accused persons are not entitled to anticipatory bail .
12- From a perusal of the records , it appears that the appellant has been convicted on the basis of the sole identification of the informant in the enquiry parade , except the same , there is no other evidence on record showing his complicity in the crime .
in para 5 , he had admitted that in the course of the statement before the police he had admitted that on account of that , a quarrel had taken place between the parties and in the course thereof , both the parties were engaged in a scuffle .
from the side of accused Ashish Kumar , the following articles have been burnt : - 1 . Government Pillar at which , 34 rounds of firing of 02 . 9 M . m . were recovered , written at 669 , Patna , Body No . 1634383 .
having drawn a analytical attitude to the aforesaid principle as laid down by the Apex Court , it is clear that in the rarest of the rare case , the incontrovertible document submitted on behalf of the accused would be admitted at the stage of framing of charge .
5- The argument of learned counsel for the railways is that in terms of sub - section ( 2 ) of Section 29 of the Limitation Act , when there is no provision in any Central or State Act , the provisions of the Limitation Act shall apply .
2- The issue related to the status of a primary agricultural credit co - operative society and the powers of the Registrar to disintegrate the Committee of Management in exercise of power under Section 41 ( 5 ) of the Bihar Co - operative Societies Act , 1935 .
8- Now , the second question is whether at the time of taking the petitioner to the Court of Judicial Magistrate from Bair Hat to the Court of Judicial Magistrate , it is violative and indecent against Articles 14 , 19 and 21 of the Constitution of India ?
provided further that a no - confidence motion shall be made between one year of the bringing of the first no - confidence motion : provided further that no vote of no - confidence shall be brought about between the remainder of the six months of the Municipality .
4- The further case of the plaintiff is that when the defendants came to know about the compromise , they while taking advantage of the sickness of Khusan Singh , they had taken away Chotta Singh under the pretext of causing treatment to him by the foreign doctor .
apart from that , it has also been submitted that from the very description of the complaint petition , it is apparent that since the opposition no.2 had lost it in the presence of the Chief Officer , a present case has been filed on account of this .
12 . that being the position , the competent court had the power to ascertain the right , title and interest of the parties concerned with regard to the land in dispute and in the course thereof , the validity of the document in question could be ascertained .
2- The disputed issue is of acquisition of lands owned by the petitioners for the construction of land acquisition Act , 1894 ( for short , the Act ) , under the provisions of the Land Acquisition Act , 1894 ( the Act ) .
(3) In making any such regulation as is referred to in sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph, the Governor may repeal or amend any Act of Parliament or of the Legislature of the State or any existing law which is for the time being applicable to the area in question.
(1) If any question arises as to whether a member of a House has become subject to disqualification under this Schedule, the question shall be referred for the decision of the Chairman or, as the case may be, the Speaker of such House and his decision shall be final:
(b) the particulars, as may be prescribed88 in this behalf, have been furnished by the assessee in respect of new machinery or plant along with the return of income for the assessment year relevant to the previous year in which such plant or machinery was first put to use.
Explanation 2. The sale proceeds referred to in this sub-section shall be deemed to have been received in India where such sale proceeds are credited to a separate account maintained for the purpose by the assessee with any bank outside India with the approval of the Reserve Bank of India.
Explanation 1. Where any capital expenditure has been incurred before the commencement of the business, the aggregate of the expenditure so incurred within the three years immediately preceding the commencement of the business shall be deemed to have been incurred in the previous year in which the business is commenced.
(c) the provisions of section 154 shall, so far as may be, apply and the period of four years specified in sub-section (7) of that section being reckoned from the end of the previous year in which the failure to comply with the provisions of this section takes place.
Provided that in relation to any payment under this clause to the partner during the previous year relevant to the assessment year commencing on the 1st day of April, 1993, the terms of the partnership deed may, at any time during the said previous year, provide for such payment.
(a) in a case where the total income of the assessee is assessable for each of the three assessment years immediately preceding the relevant assessment year, one-third of the aggregate amount of the adjusted total income in respect of the previous years relevant to the aforesaid three assessment years;
(d) in a case where the original asset is transferred after the 31st day of March, 1986, any of the assets specified in clause (c) and such bonds issued by any public sector company, as the Central Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, specify in this behalf;
(i) that the fair market value of the asset exceeds the value of the asset as claimed by the assessee by more than such percentage3 of the value of the asset as so claimed or by more than such amount3 as may be prescribed in this behalf ; or
(b) "unabsorbed depreciation" means so much of the allowance for depreciation of the amalgamating co-operative bank or the demerged co-operative bank, as the case may be, which remains to be allowed and which would have been allowed to such bank as if the business reorganisation had not taken place;
Explanation 1. The sale proceeds referred to in clause (a) shall be deemed to have been received in India where such sale proceeds are credited to a separate account maintained for the purpose by the assessee with any bank outside India with the approval of the Reserve Bank of India.
(3) For the purposes of sub-section (1), profits derived from the business referred to in that sub-section shall be the amount which bears to the profits of the business, the same proportion as the export turnover bears to the total turnover of the business carried on by the assessee.
(10) The Central Government may, after making such inquiry as it may think fit, direct, by notification in the Official Gazette, that the exemption conferred by this section shall not apply to any class of industrial undertakings with effect from such date as it may specify in the notification.
Explanation. For the purposes of this sub-clause, "substantial renovation and modernisation" means an increase in the plant and machinery in the network of transmission or distribution lines by at least fifty per cent of the book value of such plant and machinery as on the 1st day of April, 2004;
(i) the business of the hotel is not formed by the splitting up, or the reconstruction, of a business already in existence or by the transfer to a new business of a building previously used as a hotel or of any machinery or plant previously used for any purpose;
(2) The District Court shall, on receipt of such copy and amount, cause the arrest or attachment to be made by its own officers, or by a Court subordinate to itself, and shall inform the Court which issued or made such warrant or order of the arrest or attachment.
(d) any such member of the staff of the foreign State or the staff or retinue of the Ruler, Ambassador or Envoy of a foreign State or of the High Commissioner of a Commonwealth country, as the Central Government may, by general or special order, specify in this behalf.
ORDER The question raised in this writ application is as to whether the services of the Development Officers working under the L.I.C. can be requisitioned to be assigned with the election duty for ensuing Panchayat Elections cheduled to be held from 25.11.2010. Workers of India vs. State of Jharkhand
2. At the time of occurrence, number of persons residing in the vicinity of the house assembled but the appellants namely, Rajiv Nayan Singh and Ram Lakhan Singh did not come over there though they were in the shop which situated in the ground floor of the same building.
Therefore, we want a positive line of action from the respondents who may take up the matter with the help of the officers of the Chhatisgarh as well as with the officers of the respondent Union of India and its officers, including Water Resources Department of Union of India.
8. We considered the submission of the learned counsel for the petitioner and perused the facts of the case in the light of the decision rendered by the Hon'ble Supreme Court as well as in the light of the provisions made in the Bihar Control of Crimes Act, 1981.
according to him , as per the informant , being a woman of PW3 , there was no justification for entering the field for measurement of land and as a matter of fact , PW3 had come to the spot along with an officer in-charge of Sauwan Police Station .
the learned single Judge referred the matter to the Division Bench because he was of the opinion that the punishment which could be imposed on the opposition Nos. 2 to 18 in view of the High Court Rules was within the competence of the Division Bench of the Court .
the gift deed executed by Munni Yadav regarding share of the land allotted by him in his favour , to his daughter-in-law , namely , gift deed executed on 01.04.1954 in favour of the mother of the plaintiff no.4 , is an evidence of a partition in the past .
when he had returned from his rickshaw , the sister of the victim , Riya Kumari , was sitting alone , who told her that two persons had come there and given beating to the sea and had told her that her father was calling him at the station .
in the instant case , the plaintiff had filed an application for the settlement in which he had clearly stated that in the present day he is working as a military worker in the air force but he is a member of the backward class ( Schedule 1 ) .
the learned trial court has come to the conclusion , on the examination of the oral and documentary evidence led by the parties , that the plaintiff was able to prove his case on the issues and was accordingly decided in favour of the plaintiff and against the defendant .
it was further submitted that even though the case was accepted as a case falling within the category of circumstantial evidence , the chain of events was found missing and on account of that , the finding recorded by the learned trial Court appears to be a mechanical conclusion .
he further submits that from the date of filing of the claim , the law on the point regarding payment of interest on the compensation amount is well settled , but in the instant case the learned Tribunal has directed to pay interest from the date of the order .
7- It would be relevant to mention here that after an opportunity has been given to the learned Additional Public Prosecutor appearing on behalf of the State of Bihar and its functionaries , no counter affidavit has been filed on behalf of the State of Bihar and its officers .
clause 32 of the prosecution Manual states that the Assistant prosecution officer shall be a gazetted Government servant of the second class and the same shall be appointed by the Government on the recommendation of the Bihar Public Service Commission on a requisition made by the Department of Police .
21- In our opinion , the power to suspend or cancel a licence granted by sub-clause ( ii ) of clause 7 of the 2007 order is equal to the power to suspend or cancel a licence under sub-clause ( i ) of clause 11 of the 1984 order .
this aspect of the matter has been well settled in a recent judgment of the Apex Court in the case of B. Shashikala Vs . the State represented by the Superintendent of Police , reported in ( 2012 ) 9 SCC 771 , wherein it was held as under :
the learned trial court , on the basis of the evidence presented in the course of trial , had come to a conclusion with reference to Issue No . ( iv ) , that there was relationship of the landlord and the tenant between the plaintiff and the defendants .
in the case of one reported in 2006 ( 2 ) PLJR 60 , in the case of Binod Mishra Vs . State of Bihar and Ors . , reported in 2010 ( 1 ) PLJR 102 Barendra Kumar Singh and others Vs . State of Bihar and Ors .
advocate , M / s , Mehantu Samshaw , Assismhnea , e . F . App . , App . 82 ; Mr . s . N . Approved , or Respd . , J. Heard learned counsel for the appellants and learned Public Prosecutor for the State .
it is now well settled that while construing a deed , not only the intention of the parties to the deed is to be seen , but also equally relevant factor as to whether the intention of the parties is reflected from the averments in the deed or not .
4- The defence of the appellants was of false implication , of innocence and also that due to enmity the appellants and others were falsely implicated , though on that day , some unknown dacoits committed dacoity with the murder along with the house of lending by the accused .
( a ) ( i ) Xth or equivalent certificate , if available , and in the absence of which , ( i ) the date of birth certificate ( other than the Plutary School ) from the school for first entry , and in the absence of which ;
however , there was a contrary version / statement of the concerned Head and Panchayat Secretary that as per the record , the respondent - Punam Kumari , Gangara did not attend the complex in the village Panchayat , where the petitioner Mamta Kumari had appeared at Uncininga .
31- The plaintiffs have stated in para 8 of the plaint that at the time of vesting of Zamindari in the State of Bihar under the Bihar Land Reforms Act in 1956 , return in respect of the suit land was filed in the name of the Wakf estate .
3- Learned counsel also submits , with reference to the definition of the expression party as defined in Section 2 ( 1 ) ( h ) of the Act that the expression one party means a party to an arbitration agreement and no one else .
the liberty granted to the plaintiff to recover the amount of decree by way of an execution case against the defendants is clearly an erroneous direction which should have no effect on the rights of the parties under the law as laid down in the Code of Civil Procedure .
10- With regard to the aforesaid propositions , learned counsel for the petitioner placed reliance upon the judgment of the Supreme Court in the case of first Secretary , State of Karnataka and others vs. Uma Devi ( 3 ) and others : ( 2006 ) 4 SCC 1 .
in the FIR as well as during the course of the evidence of PW5 , who is the victim , there is a specific disclosure that he had resisted , yet the rape was committed after the recording of her garment by force on the point of a pistol .
this witness has stated in paragraphs 8 and 9 of his cross-examination that it is not correct that there are two parties in his village , one side is that of Suresh Prasad Singh , father of Mani Kant Singh and the other is that of Arjun Prasad Singh .
if only the selection is to be made on the basis of oral examination , the issue flow should be maintained unaltered by all the members under different headings at the prescribed scales and the average should be the actual marks obtained by the candidate in an oral examination .
84 . I have also carefully examined the related aspect as to whether the view taken by a Division Bench headed by the Hon'ble Renu Kumari Pandey in the case of Smt . Renu Kumari Pandey ( supra ) has ever been questioned by any other Division Bench .
the requirement of exercise of power under Section 16 of the Prevention of Corruption Act or under Section 102 of the Code is that there should be a direct connection between the amount put in the account and the offence alleged to have been committed by the concerned person .
he had completed the investigation and a case under Section 302 read with Section 34 of the Indian Penal Code and Section 27 of the Arms Act , 1959 was found to be correct against the accused persons , namely , Surender Mehto , Manoj Mahto and Birendra Mahto .
8- It is further argued that the impugned order passed by the Collector is in violation of the direction of the Supreme Court in the case of Kumari Madhuri Patil and another vs. Additional Commissioner , Tribal Development and Others (( 1994 ) Supreme Court Cases 241 ) .
( 1973 ) 3 SCC 219 , Shivaji vs. State of Maharashtra , ( 1980 ) It has been held in that judgment that the High Court has full power to review the scope of the evidence in which the order of acquittal was passed by the Sessions Court .
( IV ) Coming to the trial court , on the basis of its appraisal of evidence on record , had come to the conclusion that the plaintiff had failed to prove that there was a relationship of the landlord and the tenant between the plaintiff and the defendants .
from a perusal of the Exh.15 series it appears that a certain amount has been sent in the name of the plaintiff and towards the plaintiff on behalf of Janardan Singh ( Janardan Transport Transport Agency ) , which also shows the relationship of the landlord and the tenant .
2- The case of the prosecution is based on the fardbeyan ( since deceased ) as recorded by the Station Officer incharge at Police Station on 10.09.1989 at about 6.45 p.m. , the fardbeyan being based on the fardbeyan ( as recorded by the bride market police station ) .
in support of his argument , the learned counsel has relied upon the decision of the Hon'ble Supreme Court in the case of Makassan vs. State of U.P. and Bishan Kumar Singh vs. State of Bihar ( supra ) reported in ( 1998 ) 1 SCC 218 .
in the present case , the incident being a result of communal violence in the Bhagalpur city of the incident , it has to be understood that having lost her son , the first priority of the informator and the security of himself and other members of his family .
thus , from the date of inspection , till the date of the passing of the order , it was not conveyed to the Prescribed Authority that the company is a registered dealer and has submitted the original registration certificate in the Pataliputra Circle for the purpose of amendment .
36- In the case of Vaddebuina Tulasamma vs. Vaddeboyina Sesha Reddy ( AIR 1977 SC 1944 ) , the Hon'ble Supreme Court has held that the words to possess itself imply the state of ownership or to be in his or her hands or under power .
a copy of this order may be handed over to Mr. Mukesh Kumar Thakur , learned counsel for the State Election Authority for the distribution of the same among all those associated with the election to be started with the concerned Election Officer - cum - Block Development functionaries .
8- The petitioner is also claiming to be the Chairman of the Duniya Primary Agricultural Credit Cooperative Society and also of the Sonapur Trade Mandal Cooperation Committee ( a Central Co - operative Society ) and Bihar State Cooperative Marketing Federation Limited ( Apex Co - operative Society ) .
25 . in his brief reply to the arguments of Mr. Mangalam , Mr. Giri has submitted that the conclusion drawn by the learned Single Judge in paras 8 and 9 of the judgment passed in the case of Pawan Kumar Purave is a conclusion Absolute of the Rules .
whereas the complaint case is wholly pending on a notice relating to the appointment of the petitioner on 05.02.2003 , the enquiry report submitted by the Senior Deputy Collector supports his case in connection with the dismissal of the petitioner from service on account of continued absence from service .
11- From a perusal of para 14 of the impugned judgment , it appears that in the instant case , the Engineer had assessed the valuation of the acquired house at Rs . 54,999 / - which has been reduced by the Land Acquisition Judge without assigning any reason .
however , on the basis of this order , the petitioner shall not be reinstated to the post of Anganwadi Workers , but the reinstatement and consequential benefits of the petitioner shall be in accordance with the fresh order passed by the respondent / District Programme Officer , Patna .
indisputably , the judgment and order passed by the Credit Recovery Tribunal under Section 19 of the Act , 1993 before the Debt Recovery Tribunal is appealable under Section 20 of the Act , 1993 but the order of conditions was not passed with the consent of the parties .
the defendant has not been able to establish a settlement of the first batch , that is , in the year 1950 and similarly the claim of the defendant third group regarding settlement has not been proved , the defendant is not worthy of trust by the third group .
16- After a conjoint reading of the aforesaid two provisions of the Evidence Act , it reveals that the opponent has a liberty to accept the contrary in accordance with the procedure so prescribed , and the aforesaid acceptance would be capable of admission by any court of law .
the brother - in - law of Abdul Khalq , namely , Mohd . Ilias had communicated to the informator that since his son - in - law Abdul Khalq returned , he should meet the demand of a motorcycle and a cash of Rs . 50000 / - .
it may be due to a variety of reasons , such as neglect , carelessness , partiality , partiality , partiality , etc . , making public money more effective by the government officials , because in such a situation there is no one to give money or one .
according to the learned counsel , the land in question was settled by a former zamindar of Bettiah in favour of his father and the land in question since then was in his possession and after his death , the said land is in the possession of the petitioner .
34- Unfortunately , at the time of filing of the complaint , the implications and consequences are not properly seen by the complainant that due to such grievance , the complainant , the accused and his relatives may have been subjected to untold harassment , suffering and pain . 
as has been cross - examined by the only respondent , the approach of the Tribunal appears to be that as soon as a person takes the plea of partiality , the enquiry officer should be altered to the absolute of the materials on which such apprehension is based .
1 . for the purpose of providing speedy trial , the State Government shall , with the concurrence of the Chief Justice of the High Court , by notification in the Official Gazette , specify to be a special court for the trial of offences under this Act . 
a copy of the impugned order is on Annexure 6 to the writ petition and the order is purported to have been passed in the light of the judgment and order passed by this Court in CWJC number 17899 of 2012 ( Kanti Kumari vs. State of Bihar ) .
as there was a change in the administrative set - up in the State of Bihar , the situation became more complex and it was difficult for the State of Bihar to find a solution to the problem of filling up vacancies in the post of elementary school teachers .
it is also apparent from the aforesaid averments in the plaint that the express purpose of the plaintiff to seek the eviction of the defendant from the suit premises is to use it as a passage / exit gate to the middle portion of the building purchased by him .
14- In the instant case , the legal necessity had become infructuous by the plaintiffs having not completed their part of the contract and after receiving the payment of this agreement for sale , the buying of agricultural lands was left to be the sole dream of the defendants .
the test is as follows : The document is not a mature one , it has no testamentary effect , it is merely a statement of Hmoulded ( the testator , who had executed a will , like a will , reproduced in the present case ) .
( C ) prescribing forms in which pamphlets , entries and accounts shall be maintained by the office bearers of such Court ; ( d ) the tables of fees to be allowed to be sheeted , copies of orders and clerks and all office bearers of such Court :
10 . in case the writ petitioner / respondent herein has already applied for renewal of the lease and it has not been granted so far , it would be better for the State to proceed with the matter as soon as possible without further waiting for the State .
in a criminal case , which is the hidden object behind a weak prosecution , the very nature of the material on which the structure of the prosecution stands and the like constituent will justify the High Court's action in resetting the proceedings in the interest of justice .
the High Court , therefore , ought not to have directed the medical examination to be got conducted by a doctor posted in the High Court in the exercise of its power of judicial review and not merely on the basis of such report should have ordered his appointment .
Hon'ble Hemanta Gupta and Navneeti Prasad Singh , JJ . Ajit Kumar @ Ajit Kumar Singh alias Ajit Singh @ Sutar @ Lalwa @ Suparva @ Tarawwa Versus State of Bihar and Ors . , W.JJC No. 148 of 2016 . decided on 9th March , 2016 .
what is more is that Article 311 ( 2 ) applies only to the public services of the Union or to the members of the All India Service or of the public service of the State or to the holders of civil posts under the Union or a State .
accordingly , both the writ petitions are allowed in each case due by the then Presiding Officer ( Rs . 10 , 000 / - ) along with Rs . 10 , 000 / - ( Rs . 10 , 000 / - ) who passed the impugned order .
I find myself in the submission made by the learned counsel for the opposition that the order passed by the learned Magistrate accepting the final form without notice to the notice given to the notice is not admissible and , therefore , the impugned order is hereby set aside .
3 . it is clear from the record of the lower court that the owner and the driver had failed to appear , however , the order of the record of the lower court is completely silent with regard to the fixing of the ex parte suit against them .
while the body of Lakshmi Devi was found at the lower storey in the room at the outstation under the mosquito nets , the body of her son was found in another room , lying under a mosquito nets lying in the bed under the blood of her son .
in fact the aforesaid quoted portion is directly in conflict with the entire conclusion , not only with the earlier part of paragraph 34 but also the issue on which there is a detailed discussion in paragraph Nos. 26 to 32 and even in earlier paragraphs of the judgment .
the nature of the weapon used , the manner in which it was used , the motive of the murder , the hardness of the body on which the blow was given , are the factors that should be taken into consideration while determining the type of the weapon .
though Rule 12 is applicable only on the prescription of the age of a child against law , we are of the opinion that the aforesaid statutory provision should also be the basis for the identification of the age of the child who is the victim of the crime .
it was that of his younger brother and there is no evidence to show that the premises was in exclusive possession of the appellant , on the contrary , it is the case of the appellant that the premises was an open place to which other persons had access .
according to him , the plot in question under Khata No. 18 was divided into several plots and this was recorded at the beginning in the name of his predecessor , son of late Girdhari Mehto in the old Survey Khatima , son of late Girdhari Goat and register .
3- It is not the hesitation of the Court to record , from a reading of the entire allegations and the debates made in the impugned order , that the writ application was in the form of a petition being one ........... instead of an announcement of a right .
the learned senior counsel , therefore , submitted that on receipt of the communication relating to change of name the Inspector General , the only power of registration was to see that the proposed name is not in any way in the nature of the name of another Committee .
however , in arriving at this conclusion by this Court , the issue has no role to play that in an attempt to deprive them of the benefit of labour legislation , the entire work force of the petitioner organisation was brought on the roll of co - membership .
6- It has been submitted on behalf of the appellant that at the stage of taking cognizance , only one prima facie material was required to be seen from the learned Court below without holding the very intensive examination of the evidence of the witnesses as a trial court .
it is well settled that at the stage of taking cognizance , having regard to the rate of success of the prosecution in that particular case , the Court should not go into the merits of the case set up by them in the plaint filed by the police .
the State legislature is not devoid of its legislative power in respect of matters in the Concurrent List and , therefore , in relation to matters covered in the Concurrent List has the legislative competence to enact it , including the Code of Criminal Procedure , in the list .
2A. Deployment of any armed force of the Union or any other force subject to the control of the Union or any contingent or unit thereof in any State in aid of the civil power; powers, jurisdiction, privileges and liabilities of the members of such forces while on such deployment.
33. (a) Trade and commerce in, and the production, supply and distribution of the products of any industry where the control of such industry by the Union is declared by Parliament by law to be expedient in the public interest, and imported goods of the same kind as such products;
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, the merger of the original political party of a member of a House shall be deemed to have taken place if, and only if, not less than two-thirds of the members of the legislature party concerned have agreed to such merger.
(2) references to the laws in force in the territory of India shall include references to hidayats, ailans, ishtihars, circulars, robkars, irshads, yadashts, State Council Resolutions, Resolutions of the Constituent Assembly, and other instruments having the force of law in the territory of the State of Jammu and Kashmir; and
(aa) the person in receipt of the income has made an application for registration of the trust or institution on or after the 1st day of June, 2007 in the prescribed form3 and manner to the Principal Commissioner or Commissioner and such trust or institution is registered under section 12AA;
(5A) Any amount standing to the credit of the assessee in the deposit account shall not be allowed to be withdrawn before the expiry of a period of five years from the date of deposit except for the purposes specified in the scheme or in the circumstances specified below : 
33B. Where the business of any industrial undertaking carried on in India is discontinued in any previous year by reason of extensive damage to, or destruction of, any building, machinery, plant or furniture owned by the assessee and used for the purposes of such business as a direct result of 
(va) any sum received by the assessee from any of his employees to which the provisions of sub-clause (x) of clause (24) of section 2 apply, if such sum is credited by the assessee to the employee's account in the relevant fund or funds on or before the due date.
Explanation. For the purposes of this sub-section, the amount referred to in clause (i) or clause (ii) shall include the amount paid or payable or received or deemed to be received, as the case may be, by way of demurrage charges or handling charges or any other amount of similar nature.
Provided that any amount of compensation received in pursuance of an interim order of a court, Tribunal or other authority shall be deemed to be income chargeable under the head "Capital gains" of the previous year in which the final order of such court, Tribunal or other authority is made;
(xiii) as subscription to any units of any Mutual Fund referred to in clause (23D) of section 10 or from the Administrator or the specified company under any plan formulated in accordance with such scheme as the Central Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, specify in this behalf;
(iiihl) the Clean Ganga Fund, set up by the Central Government, where such assessee is a resident and such sum is other than the sum spent by the assessee in pursuance of Corporate Social Responsibility under sub-section (5) of section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 (18 of 2013); or
(aa) any sum paid by the assessee in the previous year to a research association which has as its object the undertaking of research in social science or statistical research or to a University, college or other institution to be used for research in social science or statistical research :
(c) the residential unit has a maximum built-up area of one thousand square feet where such residential unit is situated within the city of Delhi or Mumbai or within twenty-five kilometres from the municipal limits of these cities and one thousand and five hundred square feet at any other place;
Where there is an express or implied contract that the agency should be continued for any period of time, the principal must make compensation to the agent, or the agent to the principal, as the case may be, for any previous revocation or renunciation of the agency without sufficient cause.
The State Government shall, by notification in the Official Gazette, appoint for the whole State, or such part thereof as may be specified in that notification, an officer or officers to be known as the Child Marriage Prohibition Officer having jurisdiction over the area or areas specified in the notification.
(6) Where a request is made to the Central Government for the grant of any consent referred to in sub-section (1), the Central Government shall, before refusing to accede to the request in whole or in part, give to the person making the request a reasonable opportunity of being heard.
So as to C.B.I. vs. M. L. Paul say that even a person employed in a factory and who is not a worker within the meaning of the Factories Act will be an employee under Section 2(4) of the said Act, even if he is working in a managerial capacity.
10. It is evident from perusal of the above extract of the Statute that the services rendered in the college during the period when the college was not affiliated even up to the intermediate standard shall not be taken into account for the purpose of computation of service for promotion.
But in the instant case there is no Sanchar Nigam Limited allegation that any blow of stick was dealt on any vital part of the informant including on his head and therefore the prosecution failed to prove the charge under Section 148 of the Indian Penal Code against the appellants.
Therefore, interference in the instant writ petition is essential as it is the petitioner who is deprived of his service since the year 2006 and if the matter is remanded to the disciplinary authority or the appellate authority, it will only cause further prejudice to the petitioner and lengthen litigation.
there is no explanation given by defendant No. 1 in this regard as to whether the property of Murad Ali is incorrectly recorded in the name of the three aforesaid persons or as to the discrepancy in the area of Ext . D and the area of Ext . 9 .
the judgment and decree of the lower appellate court and the second appellate court , Ex.7 and Ex.7 / A , is no doubt not between the plaintiff and the defendant respondent no . 1 , but that is in respect of the suit property by the year 1966 .
the appellate court has clearly recorded a finding that he is not a landless , hence a settlement has been arranged by SDO in favour of a military worker , the settlement in favour of the will of the Force in Ex.-C can be done by the District Magistrate only .
rest of the State of Bihar ( except the State of Bihar ) Survey R . F . Nos. 1 of 2012 with Cri . APP ( DB ) No. 232 , 237 , 361 , 382 , 638 , 736 of 2012 . decided on 28th November , 2012 .
in order to claim that there was only an error of the driver of the truck in the accident , the burden was on the appellant to produce the evidence and prove that there was no mistake of the driver of Marti Bhan , who was insured by the appellant .
2- In the interlocutory application , the appellant's case is that on the date of the first commission of the offence , the appellant was only fourteen years , that on the date of institution of the case , she was 17 years , eleven months and 10 days .
13 . this Court will not have any sympathy with the present District Magistrate , Monghyr when a plea has been taken by them in open court that such an order of discouragement was passed by the Superintendent of Police , Monghyr in view of the recommendation made to them .
even otherwise , on the facts and in the circumstances of the case , the petitioner is not entitled to the reliefs prayed by him in this application under Article 226 of the Constitution of India and is not entitled to exercise the discretion by this Court in his favour .
the Court has also audited that it is unfortunate that it required interference of the court to do it , whereas , after examination of the Division Bench in a Public Interest Petition , it required unfairness to do the automatic act of authorities after examination of the Division Bench .
the petitioner answered the same by stating that the delay was not due to the petitioner but because of the mistake of the authorities and there was no negligence or slow progress in the work , which was a proportional of the real time that was granted to the petitioner .
( III ) Where the agreement between the State and the aggrieved person is non-statutory and is purely contractual and the rights and liabilities of the parties are governed by the terms of the contract and the petitioner makes a complaint about breach of such contract by the State . 
39- Thus , having regard to the law alleged by the Apex Court and having regard to the facts and circumstances of the present case , it would , in my opinion , be an abuse of process of Court to permit the prosecution to continue in the present case .
12- Since no proceedings have commenced in accordance with law , the concerned authorities will be at liberty to initiate a proceeding if it is necessary to secure the interest of justice , but the proceedings should be strictly in accordance with the provisions laid down in the control order .
since the petitioner has been declared by the Medical Board to be a juvenile violating law on the basis of age assessed by the Board , the petitioner shall be dealt with in accordance with the provisions of Juvenile Justice ( Care and Protection of Children ) Act , 2000 .
that apart , the materials placed by both the parties were to be examined by the authorities of the materials placed by both the parties , giving them an opportunity to traverse the claims of each other and to show the validity of the materials placed by the parties concerned .
the appointment and conditions of service of the petitioner were regulated by the process of Bihar Panchayat Primary Teacher ( Employment and Conditions of Service ) Rules , 2006 in which there was no provision for transfer except provisions made and that too at the instance of the teacher himself .
even after three days of the incident , the son of the complainant did not come back , then it was rumoured in the village that the daughter of Natho had also ran away from her house and there was suspicion that the son of the complainant was keeping her .
7 . on a bare perusal of the judgment under appeal , this Court finds that the appellate court had arrived at a clear conclusion considering the pleadings made in the plaint and the evidence led in support thereof that the suit was filed before the wrong forum / court .
it was settled that the plaintiff would retain possession of the shop as a purchaser from the date of execution of the agreement and the plaintiff had agreed that defendants No. 1 to 4 would continue on the other part of the property till the terms of the sale deed .
this provision relates to the deprived sections of the society , which has the object of achieving social justice , which is a statutory objective incorporated in the Preamble to the Constitution of India , it becomes the bound duty of the court to advance the cause of social justice .
21- In view of the aforesaid facts and circumstances of the case and the discussions made above , I am of the opinion that the prosecution has not been able to prove its case against the appellants beyond reasonable doubt and the appellants are entitled to the benefit of doubt .
( iv ) The Government or the Review Committee , as the case may be , shall , before taking a decision in the matter , consider the entire history of service in which , no doubt , gives more importance to the history and performance of the subsequent years .
14 . thus , whether it is a case of raising the age of superannuation from 58 to 60 years or of premature retirement in public interest under Rule 74 ( b ) ( i ) of the Bihar Service Code , the doctrine is more or less the same .
on a perusal of the order passed by the Block Development Officer ( Annexure 6 ) , it is evident that on account of unpresentation / non availability of records relating to third or fourth stage of the selection , the grievance raised against other appointments could not be entertained .
thus , we agree with him which has been laid down in the aforementioned cases , that is , in order to avoid liability , it is not sufficient to show that the person carrying on the train at the time of the incident did not have a considerable licence .
there is no application of the case on the controversy in hand : 7 . intention of the Act and the Rules or the scheme is either for the District Magistrate to hold the particular possession of the jaughats or hold a public auction for grant of a lease .
( 2005 ) 3 SCC 401 . the importance of discipline at the work was mentioned in Madhya Pradesh Electricity Board vs. Jagdish Chandra Sharma : 9 . there is a need for smooth functioning of the Disciplinary Organization at the workplace in an organization like the employer therein .
according to it , on calculation , it appears that the total sanctioned strength in the State of Bihar at present comes to 1118 in the year 1999 and the number employed 344 , while the vacancies in the present State of Bihar fall to 774 in the year 1999 .
23- In view of the legislative propositions established by the Hon'ble Supreme Court , referred to above , and in view of the fact that both the persons kidnapped have not yet returned , they will be treated as dead in terms of Section 107 of the Evidence Act .
on the death of Srimanant Kumar Choudhary , the devolution of property in view of the Hindu Succession Act would take place to Yashwant Kumar Choudhary , for his two other brothers , Hemant Kumar Choudhary and Silvica Kumar Choudhury had died prior to the testator of Srimanta Kumar Choudhary .
(63 ) . apart from what we have referred to above , the involvement of the appellants in the commission of the scientific investigation , as emerging from the evidence of PW19 , PW20 and PW21 unequivocally establish the complicity of the appellants in the commission of the crime .
the Division Bench also did not consider the law laid down by the Supreme Court in Shyam Lal Sharma's case ( supra ) that even if search is unconstitutional , further , due to the illegality in search and seizure , the latter steps would not be vitiated .
Hon'ble Dharanidhar Jha , J. Panwar Sarma Kamatma alias Punchhu ( in 450 ) Khelar atma and Ors . ( in 497 ) Versus State of Bihar ( in both ) Criminal Appeal ( Army ) Nos. 450 and 497 of 2002 . decided on 24th April , 2014 .
it is stated in the FIR that in the injured condition the deceased Radha Yadav had told the informant-Shiv Nath Yadav that it was the appellant no.1 Dhuma Ahir , who had fired at the deceased due to identification of the dacoity at the time of committing of the dacoity .
7- On account of the fact that the case of kidnapping of the husband of the mother of the informant Phool Devi , PW-5 , has not been found proved against both the appellants including one Om Prakash Bharti , on account of which their conviction for her was made .
on account of failure to summon the notice under Section 4 of the Act , to take possession and deposit the amount of compensation in the civil court , the acquisition in plot No. 564 , in respect of the land measuring 75.75 , can be deemed to have lapsed .
advocate , Mr . Dy . NSDL ( in 18 ) , Master of the State ( 308 ) , Financial Institutions ( in 308 ) , Financial App or Apple Management , Mer and Segay ( in 18 ) , Mr . Ageigy Maissa ( 308 ) , Financial Institutions
and in the said suit , this issue was decided and in the judgment , Ext.3 / A , it was held that the husband of Ram Kumari Devi , Sunder Thakur , husband of Ram Kumari Devi , had died in a condition to live apart from her brothers .
heard Sri Santosh Kumar Singh , learned counsel appearing on behalf of the petitioner and learned counsel for the State as well as respondents numbers 10 and 11 , namely , the Managing Director of Pataliputra Central Cooperative Bank and the learned counsel appearing on behalf of the branch manager .
2- The petitioners in CWJJC No. 11483 of 2011 claim to be the elected Chairman of the concerned Trade Mandal Cooperation Committees , who are members of the electorate of the electorate to the State Cooperative Marketing Federation of Bihar Limited ( BisSCOM ) , which is a Apex Committee .
the appellant - Chandisvara Mahto said , to have urged the two deceased , namely , Karu Beldar , to stay at his house with him during the night time , as he had to dig a well at the auspicious time fixed at 5.00 a.m. on the next day .
the petitioner could have abandoned the school for the purpose of advancing his education in view of the better prospects , but there was also an obligation towards the children of his school , which also has a fundamental right to education under Article 21A of the Constitution of India .
( II ) A list shall be forwarded to the Social Welfare Board with photographs of all children for publication in newspapers of the local language having English and wider circulation as well as in the State of Bihar / other States , if there are children of other States .
15- Mr. Ashwani Kumar Singh , learned Public Prosecutor , on the other hand , submits that the appellants are the drivers of the vehicles by which members of the bridegroom had reached the house of Sushil Singh of the village of Kadikadha Khideya Tola in the night on 28.06.2012 .
34- We also direct that the learned trial court shall deal with the matter expeditiously and dispose of the same in accordance with law within a period of four months from the date of receipt of the records of the lower Court with a copy of the judgment and order .
( VII ) Whether the version of the Kiranama as submitted by the plaintiffs is correct and whether the relationship of landlord and tenant between the defendants and the plaintiffs is in existence ( vii ) whether the calumny relied upon by the defendant is pure , valid and consideration ?
the measurement of both plots , i . e . plot numbers 1871 and 1872 is more than three bad and the structure in the smaller portion is being created and the crops are being grown in the remaining part as was found by the Pleader Commissioner in his report .
the learned senior counsel , by referring to the report , has elaborated his submissions to show that the representation of the government servants of the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes in most of the cadres in various services is substantial and far more to be said to be inadequate .
further , non-exclusion of the recreational layer would also be violative of Articles 14 , 16 ( 1 ) and 16 ( 4 ) of the Constitution of India , since imperatives cannot be regarded as integrators , i . e . equal to the rest of the backward class .
in view of the requirements of Article 14 of the Constitution , the benefit of the passing back on the date for providing the Matriculation certified pay scale as indicated above will also be provided to such teachers who are likely to pass the training examination in the second effort .
Hon'ble Imambay Ahmad Ansari and Neeloo Agarwal , JJ . Gaddu Singh ( in 641 ) , Ajay Singh ( in 557 ) Versus State of Bihar ( in both ) Criminal Appeal ( DB ) Nos. 641 with 557 of 2009 . decided on 20th May , 2015 .
the sample copy of which has been reproduced hereinbelow in the case of M / s Prahlad Stone Verses : " the petitioner has submitted that he could not run the business of breaking the stone on account of health and financial problems , which caused a default in payment .
he has argued that there was negligence in the treatment of the child as a result of which the right of the child had become infected with the knee and ultimately she had to disintegrate her right leg to the knee in order to save the child's life .
12- The learned Additional Public Prosecutor was also very unbiased in making such a reference that the circumstances do not really appear to be emerging from the evidence of the witnesses and the evidence is suffer from many infirmities while raising a serious doubt in the veracity of the party .
in view of the aforesaid provision , the Court below ought not to have excluded the photographs by way of inadmissible in evidence but could have rejected them in view of the fact that it was possible to create such a shadow picture in the present era of technical development .
on verification , the complainant came to know that in the Jamabandi number 235 only 2 acres and 49 decibels the land is mentioned and the remaining land mentioned in the possession certificate was either in the name of the State of Bihar or the name of other land owner .
it is made clear that at the time of passing the order , from the observations made by this Court in the instant case or from the orders passed by the Magistrate concerned in the Arrah Reference Police Station Case No.49 of 2010 , shall in no way be biased .
if the conduct of the petitioner Vijay Prakash ( opposite party No. 2 ) of Criminal Revision No. 560 / 2013 had been justified , the aforesaid developments , that is to say , meant that the criminal revision would not have been allowed to be made 560 / 2013 .
the facts disclosed that the Will was executed before the Subordinate Registrar , whereupon the signature and thumb impression of the testator's signature and also the signatures and thumb mark of the witnesses were taken by the said authority , after which the said authority had signed the deed .
the occupants of the property had acquired annual rights and as they were in possession of the property when it stood in the State of Bihar , the plaintiffs became the settlement of the settlement by operation of law , that is , the Bihar Land Reforms Act , 1950 .
but strictly speaking , I understand that no doubt the consent of the counsel for the accused and with the leave of the judge the demand of that witness should have been made by the prosecution , as to whether his evidence in the lower court is correct or not .
a certified copy of the same ( Ext.9 ) has also been produced , on the basis of which the appellate court has come to the conclusion that after settlement of the land , return in favour of the plaintiff for the suit land was filed and Register - II .
( V ) During the course of the hearing , the person in question should also be told in clear terms that the statement to be made would not be a confessional statement before the Magistrate , but its status will be that of the statement taken before the police .
the authorities concerned will also calculate the benefits of pension and other retirement benefits as admissible to permanent employees of the pensionable establishment and after rethinking and calculation , the authorities concerned will make the necessary payment after obtaining the sanction from the Accountant General within the period mentioned above .
in support of his above argument , he has reported in Union of India vs. H. C. Goyal ( AIR 1964 SC 364 ) ( paras 1 , 10 , 20 and 22 ) , Kuldeep Singh vs. Deputy Commissioner of Police (( 1999 ) 2 SCC 10 ) .
we also find that the material evidence , i.e. , the post mortem report of the deceased Mr. Gop does not affirm the allegations as propounded by the prosecution witnesses as there was only one injury of fire arms found on her body which is contrary to the prosecution case .
the relevant observations appearing in the case of Shiv Prasad Bhatnagar are read as follows : It is now well established that the orders of detention are expedient and not irrelevant , to be adjacent and not to date , and not to be old , is not vague .
hence , the delinquent employee would be entitled to a copy of the report even if the statutory rules do not permit the report or they are silent on the subject : ( ii ) The relevant extract of Article 311 ( 2 ) of the Constitution reads as under :
the Court has given an answer that except for a clear provision in the Act , on a simple passage of the provision of sub - section 48E ( 1 ) , the civil and criminal court shall have no jurisdiction over the subject matter of dispute in the proceedings .
9- Now , on return to the present case , from the averments in the complaint petition , cancellation application and the counter affidavit filed by the opposition no.2 , it is clear that there is a serious dispute regarding the payment / repayment of the amount of uncalled cheques .
thus , it is now to be seen as to whether the opinion expressed by the Division Bench in the case of Raghava Jha is likely to suffer from any deviations in the opinion expressed by this Court in the case of Thakura Batra Clovo Bee Society ( supra ) .
learned senior counsel would submit that it was sufficient for the interview to state in the old letter to state that there would be a burden of performance in the interview , to show good faith of the appellants in order to provide the least qualifying marks in the interview .
10 . considering the facts and circumstances of the case and the submissions of the learned counsels for the parties , the Court finds that it is illegal to include petitioner no . 1 , the Committee's electoral roll of 495 members of the respondent no . 6 Committee .
the order of employment stipulates that the conduct and services of the appellant shall be governed by the Post Departments as amended from time to time by the Rural Postal Servants ( Conduct and Planning ) Rules , 2011 ( hereinafter referred to as the Rules 2011 ) .
10 . the writ application has been heard along with other writ applications in which the leading case is CWJC No. 11791 of 2017 (: 2017 ( 4 ) , Baun 215 ( PLHC ) ) ( Navset Kumar Singh and others vs. Union of India and others ) .
they , by false fact , retired on the occasion of Dussehra also , and took leave of him to his house with a pistol / shot , while this weapon should have departed on leave only after they had deposited in the police station or at the police station .
17- The senior Superintendent of Police , Patna , after that , being the administrative authority , came to the conclusion that the petitioner is a person of criminal psychology ; therefore , it would do harm to the image of the police force to hold him in police force .
6- As on the basis of the capillary certificate , the victim's age is 14 years , 10 months and 9 days , hence , he is a minor and that the order for release of the victim in favour of the son of the accused is wholly unjustified .
in the cross-examination , in paragraph 14 , he has stated that he had seen the incident from a distance of two or three horses and leaving his motorcycle on the edge of the road , he was watching the incident while concealing himself from the behind a palm tree .
thereafter , the writ petitioner passed on to one Shri Ku Prasad , District Magistrate , who had ordered the then officer to conduct detailed inquiry into the matter and report the matter to the then Chief Officer , Haveli , Harghanpur , District Monghyr , Mr. Binod Kumar Singh .
20- In the case of Vimal Chand Ghewar Chand Jain and others vs. Ramakant Eknath Jadu , 2009 ( 5 ) SCC 713 , the Hon'ble Supreme Court has held that in a registered deed of sale , there is a presumption that the transaction was a pure transaction .
it had directed that the economic offence would also exercise jurisdiction in respect of the Department of Food , the Cyber Crime and the Department of Cooperation under the direct control of the Director General of Police Control Unit and such other units would also be subject to its jurisdiction .
(7) "corresponding province", "corresponding Indian State" or "corresponding State" means in cases of doubt such Province, Indian State or State as may be determined by the President to be the corresponding Province, the corresponding Indian State or the corresponding State, as the case may be, for the particular purpose in question;
(3) The profits and gains referred to in sub-section (1) shall not be included in the total income of the assessee in respect of ten consecutive assessment years beginning with the assessment year relevant to the previous year in which the industrial undertaking begins to manufacture or produce articles or things.
Provided that this clause shall not apply where the assessee is a company, being a licensee within the meaning of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1948 (54 of 1948), or where the ship has been acquired or the machinery or plant has been installed before the 1st day of January, 1958 :
(b) Nothing in clause (a) shall apply in relation to any provision made by the assessee for the purpose of payment of a sum by way of any contribution towards an approved gratuity fund, or for the purpose of payment of any gratuity, that has become payable during the previous year.
(11) Where the assessee has, before the 1st day of March, 1984, paid any sum to any fund, trust, company, association of persons, body of individuals, society or other institution referred to in sub-section (9), then, notwithstanding anything contained in any other law or in any instrument, he shall be entitled 
(i) it is a company incorporated in India during the period from the 1st day of April of the previous year relevant to the assessment year in which the capital gain arises to the due date of furnishing of return of income under sub-section (1) of section 139 by the assessee;
(a) standing to the credit of the assessee under the scheme referred to in clause (i) of sub-section (1) in respect of which a deduction has been allowed under sub-section (1) together with the interest accrued on such amount is withdrawn in whole or in part in any previous year, or
(11) The Central Government may, after making such inquiry as it may think fit, direct, by notification in the Official Gazette, that the exemption conferred by this section shall not apply to any class of industrial undertaking or enterprise with effect from such date as it may specify in the notification.
Provided that this condition shall not apply in respect of a start-up which is formed as a result of the re-establishment, reconstruction or revival by the assessee of the business of any such undertaking as referred to in section 33B, in the circumstances and within the period specified in that section;
(2) Every such process shall bear date the day on which it is issued, and shall be signed by the Judge or such officer as the Court may appoint in this behalf, and shall be sealed with the seal of the Court and delivered to the proper officer to be executed.
(4) The first payment shall be made to the proper officer of the Court for such portion of the current month as remains unexpired before the judgment-debtor is committed to the civil prison, and the subsequent payments (if any) shall be made to the officer in charge of the civil prison.
It is evident from the crime team report Ex.PW-14/A that once the crime team reached at the spot, no eye witness was found and the crime team had advised the IO to record the statement of the victim or the eyewitnesses who were present there at the time of the incident.
Explanation of crime number 364/11 was prepared by police officer Gyanendra Singh posted on the post of Dhumanjanj and prepared a map of the incident, Nazi Exhibition-12 and in view of the testimonies, in view of the evidence, charge sheet against the accused was made under Section 302, 504, 506, I.P.C.
The Environment Department of the State Government or Tamil Nadu State Pollution Control Board shall implement the regulations for control of noise pollution in the Eco-sensitive Zone in accordance with the provisions stipulated of The Noise Pollution (Regulation and Control) Rules, 2000 under the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 and amendments thereto.
The basic fact remains that there has been an assault, the accused have out numbered the victim, there is no injury to any person on the side of the accused and on the other hand, there are three persons injured on the side of the informant and the injuries are multiple.
The question which requires to be answered is the question of fact as to whether Vinita was major at the relevant time and she was at her liberty to take her own decision which can very well be ascertained on the basis of the evidence adduced on behalf of the parties.
Meaning thereby if under a contract the workman agrees to accept the employment on contract basis with condition of the end of the employment with the expiry of the terms mentioned in the contract or the contract containing a condition of termination of the employment then that is not a retrenchment.
This Act has been adopted by the State of Jharkhand obviously, from the time of its inception and i.e. from the year 2000 in spite of having a provision like Section 54 in the Act of 1951 in Bihar Regional Development Authority Act which is adopted by the State of Jharkhand.
this time , when the matter reached the Staff Selection Commission , in view of the provisions of the Rules of 2003 , it had returned the recommendation clearly stating that as per the 2003 Rules , the posts of the Motor Vehicles Inspector would only be filled by direct recruitment .
13- In view of the above established proposition of law laid down by the Apex Court , in my opinion , no material question of law is involved in this second appeal and the grounds raised by the learned counsel for the appellant are not at all material questions of law .
the principle underlying by the Judges in Dolighoa Paricha vs. Nimai Chand Mishra AIR 1959 SC 914 has been clearly laid down which is as follows : " On a plain reading of the section , it is quite clear that it relates to the consistency of a particular fact .
10 . Mr. Singh also made an attempt to show , with reference to the map of the shopping complex , that there were multiple shops in the premises and that would satisfy the plaintiff's requirement , without disturbing the possession of the defendant over the shop in dispute .
any such plea in such a situation can only be raised by the employee and not what has to be done by the Bank in terms of the liberal intention expressed in the circular to give more benefit than provided by the statutory rules in the matter of payment of interest .
as far as Ex . -A , C , J , z is concerned , according to the learned counsel , it is not relevant for a decision of the dispute between the parties and more so , the Trial Court has dealt with these documents in a very elaborate manner .
Hon'ble Hemant Kumar Srivastava , J. Surya Nath Singh and others ( in 86 ) , Darshan Singh and others ( in 90 ) Versus State of Bihar ( in both ) Criminal Appeal ( J ) Nos. 86 with 90 of 1995 . decided on 16th January , 2013 .
the question that arose for trial before the High Court was whether in the State of Kerala as well as in the State of Uttar Pradesh , there existed a regular cadre of the prosecution officials in terms of sub section ( 6 ) of Section 24 of the Code .
the Hon'ble Supreme Court had thus audited : 22 . there is another difficult , which is present in the way of the appellant and the petitioners because the State Government has made the post of Public Prosecutor as well as the posts of Additional Public Prosecutors respectively .
if such a Central amendment is brought in , and the amendments to the State are made to discuss with the Sessions Judge , as well as to clear the provision of selection of members of the Bar with such experience and good character , such procedure would violate Article 14 .
though in such cases the scope of exercise of revisional jurisdiction by the High Court from the jurisdiction conferred under Section 115 of the Code is wide , but the same cannot be taken to the extent that the findings of facts recorded by the trial court be sitting in appeal .
that apart , the fardbeyan of the informant-Manager has further shown that when the injured persons of this case were being taken to hospital by tyres by vehicle he came to know that except for the injuries inflicted by other appellants of appellant Dineshwar Rai , the injured persons were assaulted .
however , the findings of the learned lower court with regard to the possession of the opposition are based on a proper appreciation of the evidence on record and as such , the defendant ( second before the Courts below ) should not be disturbed in any way in the possession .
the Principal / in-charge ex - officio member , showing that under the order of the Vice-Chancellor , an ad hoc Committee was constituted for 18 of the accepted Colleges of the University of Magadha including the Mahavidyalaya at question and was notified under the hand of the Registrar of Universities .
the Vice - Chancellor of the University cannot diminish the power of the Registrar and , therefore , even though he may be an office bearers who may assist the Registrar in affairs , but the statutory duty of the post of registrar has to be discharged only by the Registrar .
to that extent , it would be relevant to quote Paragraph 7 and 8 of the counter affidavit which reads as follows : 7 that the dispute about the constitution of the regular Governing Body in the existing College , namely , Terrant Women College has been for a long time .
it is true that the learned first appellate court in its judgment did not discuss the evidence and material available on record in the title suit on the basis of which the learned trial court had come to a conclusion of facts and decreed the suit in favour of the plaintiff .
2- The Letters Patent Appeal No.377 of 2006 has been filed by the writ petitioner under clause 10 of the Letters Patent Appeal under Section 10 of the Letters Patent , against the order dated 11th September , 2003 made by the learned Single Judge in CWJC No. 4226 of 2000 .
( 6 ) Save as otherwise provided in this Act , the provisions of the Code of Civil Procedure , 1908 ( 5 of 1908 ) , relating to appeals to the High Court shall , as far as may be , apply in the case of appeals under this section .
it is the established rule of law that while there is exclusive possession of the co - heirs and the knowledge of the other , it is essential that one of them should bear evidence of open flaunting title to the exclusion of other , so that outflows can be formed .
in the case of Sakuntala Bai vs. Narayan Das ( AIR 2004 SC 3484 ) , even before her decision by the Supreme Court in the case , the view is clearly stated in para ( 1 ) which reads as follows : 1 . it is a case of surprise .
a decision is called a final decision when it is , so far as the Court in deciding it is concerned , it is irreducible , save by taking recourse to such provisions of the Code of Civil Procedure , which the provision allows for repatriation , modification or amendment thereof .
on failure to pay the entire dues of the alimony by the husband to the wife within the aforesaid period of four months , she would also be obliged to pay annual interest at the rate of 18 % on the amount of arrears of alimony till the date of recovery .
since the defendant No. 2 was not the owner of the property on the date of execution of the sale deed , but the plaintiff was owner on the basis of the registered gift deed , hence , the sale deed in favour of defendant No. 1 is not a document .
4- Learned counsel for the petitioners also submits that the impugned order is contrary to the scheme and the ambit under Section 48E of the Act and there is a violation of judicial decisions made by a Special Bench of this Court as well as by the Hon'ble Supreme Court .
Bihar Panchayat Raj Act 73 . functions and powers of District Council . (1 ) The District Council shall , subject to such conditions as may be specified by the Government from time to time , conduct the following functions : ( 14 ) Rural , roads and inland waterways .
2- It is necessary to take note of the facts of the case , the provisions of the Legal Services Authorities Act , 1987 ( hereinafter referred to as " the Act " ) and the Bihar State Legal Services Authority Regulations , 1998 framed under Section 29A of the Act .
Hon'ble Iakal Ahmed Ansari and Samarendra Pratap Singh , JJ . Suresh Yadav ( in 664 ) , Vikram Yadav ( in 471 ) Versus State of Bihar ( in both ) Criminal Appeal ( DB ) Nos. 664 with 471 of 2013 . decided on 6th March , 2014 .
if the pharmacists posts have not been filled up for years and thereby the deserving candidates have been denied the application , then in that case , the question of the relaxation of age of those persons who have crossed the age limit at this time may also be considered .
in the instant case , there is no sudden mention of the name of the petitioners but a specific allegation , therefore , the aforesaid decision relied upon by the learned counsel for the petitioners being on a different basis of the facts of the case on hand does not apply .
in view of the release of the owners from the burden of bringing the vehicles before the registering authority , the State Government has issued the impugned notification dated 8th March , 2011 in exercise of the power conferred by Section 65 ( 2 ) ( b ) of the Act .
Hon'ble NALAYA Prasad Singh and Jitendra Mohan Sharma , JJ . Toyan Yadav ( in 379 ) Thread Yadav ( in 401 ) vs. State of Bihar ( both in ) Criminal Appeal ( DB ) No. 379 with 401 of 1991 . decided on 1st August , 2014 .
the trial Court while again dealing with the issue relating to the case submitted by him regarding the possession of the plaintiff and also of her seizing in the suit , had concluded that the case set up by the plaintiff in this regard was proved by cogent and reliable evidence .
it would amount to material compliance of the said provisions if the judgment of the appellate Court on an independent assessment of the relevant evidence on all vital aspect of the matter is based and the findings of the appellate Court are held to be well and inspires confidence at all .
at about four o clock in the evening , Bokarid Mian and Hasnain Mian had come to the spot and then asked him as to why he had dug the foundation without their permission , to which he replied that he had done so according to the decision of the Panches .
15- So far as the present case is concerned , without any statutory infirmity , there is no right on the part of the petitioners to continue the trust of the House in a no - confidence motion against them . 16 . writ petitions and the interlocutory applications are dismissed .
6- According to the learned advocates appearing for the writ petitioners , the action taken by the State Government and the consequential order made by the Regional Director of Animal Husbandry , is not justified 7 First submission that the Regional Director of Animal Husbandry was authorized to make appointments .
as I am told , since most of them are so small that they are not in a position to tell their whereabouts , it is desirable that the immediate steps taken by the Training - cum - rehabilitation officer , Living House , Vaishali , Hajipur , are as under :
14- However , it is made clear that at any stage , the learned Magistrate considers the personal attendance of the petitioners to be necessary , he may , in his discretion , direct the personal presence of the petitioners in terms of Section 205 ( 2 ) of the Code .
according to the learned counsel , in the probate application , details of the property are mentioned and so far as the version in the Will is concerned , the deceased was the only owner of the property , therefore , he had executed the Will in respect of his property .
the plaintiff had claimed that his father had purchased the property while it is the case of the defendant that the father of the plaintiff , namely , Vasudev Lal Ramdhan Prasad was a benamidar and , in fact , Ram Dhanprasad was the actual owner who paid the consideration amount .
Explanation . The period of forty - eight hours referred to in clause ( b ) of this sub rule shall be computed from the date of commencement of the imprisonment after conviction and for this purpose the intermitting periods of imprisonment , if any , shall be reckoned .
advocate . - Mr . R . vi . company . ( in Voluen ) , Financial App ( Form 11 ) , App . / s benefit / UPLin ( 523 ) ; Associate Kigr ( in 532 ) ; Assa Segment ( in 342 ) , Nature Cure scheme .
the application of this discretion is not a time when a party makes an application for the presentation of a new evidence before the appeal is heard , but when an inherent defect or deficiency , as the case may be , is made out on an examination of the evidence .
Hon'ble Ashwani Kumar Singh , J. Hon'ble Ashujul Haq and another ( in 397 ) , Abdul Khalq ( in 539 ) Versus State of Bihar ( in both ) Criminal Appeal ( J ) No. 397 With 539 of 2013 . decided on 30th January , 2015 .
according to him , for the offences alleged to have been committed by the petitioner or his driver , the maximum sentence under Section 49 ( 2 ) ( f ) of the Act , 1981 is one year with fine which is not to exceed Rs . 1500 / - .
it is , however , contended that the backwardness of the Government servants of the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes are not required to be unduly emphasised in the present context as there is backwardness in the cases of persons included in the category of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes .
the historical fact of previous discrimination leading to economic , social and educational backwardness may be the relevant considerations for the purpose of reservation in the initial appointment as envisaged under article 16 ( 4 ) , for the use of historical facts , exploitation of any social class , etc .
in other words , the chain of evidence must be so complete as not to leave any reasonable ground for a conclusion consistent with the innocence of the accused and it must be such as to show that within all human probability the act must have been done by the accused .
152 . a close analysis of this judgment would show that before a case can be said to be fully established against the accused , the following conditions must be fulfilled : ( 1 ) The circumstances from which a conclusion of guilt is to be drawn should be fully established .
in case notice of receipt is reported to be received in verification , then the balance amount paid by the District Accounts Officer over and above the salary assessment verified by the District Accounts Officer may be reduced to a lump sum and deposited by the Treasury of all such teachers .
since it is a compulsory acquisition , it is the entirely dishonest liability of the Court to assess the logical compensation , so as to allow it to the owner of the land whose property has been acquired by compulsory acquisition and also to avoid unnecessary burden on the public exchequer .
4- Heard Mr. Balaram Kapadi , learned counsel for the appellant , learned counsel for the respondent-State , Mr. skill Kumar Jha , learned counsel for the respondent-State , Mr. Amarendra Kumar Jha , learned counsel for respondent No. 11 and Mr. Amarendra Kumar , learned counsel for respondent No. 12 .
the said act was not even done in the discharge of duty or in the guise of duty but has been done by them by taking undue advantage of his position and on this account there was no requirement of any admission to take cognizance of the offence against the petitioner .
11 . so far as the provisions contained in Sections 19 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) of the Prevention of Corruption Act are concerned , in the case of Prakash Singh Badal ( supra ) they came up for consideration before the Supreme Court .
in one of the cases cited before us , that is , in Surendra Kumar Verma v. Central Government , the Industrial Agency and Labour Court , we had the opportunity to say as follows : Learn for the interpretation of statutes is cloyingly present in the interpretation of mercantilism .
as far as the weapon licence granted to the father of the petitioner is concerned , fire arms received on such licence cannot be used by him in the event of any apprehension of danger to the life of the petitioner , hence , the petitioner should be granted a licence .
63 . execution of unprivileged Wills-Every testator , not being an intention or a soldier engaged or employed in any expedition or actual warfare , (or an airman so employed or engaged or engaged , or a sailor airman , shall execute his will in accordance with the following rules :
in fact , the case of the petitioners shall be squarely covered therein which had to be stated to have been reported in 2008 ( 9 ) SCC 242 by the Hon'ble Supreme Court in the case of Union of India and others Vs . Pushpa Rani and others identical .
26- It is further argued that in view of the amendments made in the aforesaid sections in the year 2009 , in the course of Scheduled Castes , other and Scheduled Tribes , the rotation in the elections held in 2006 and 2011 in the Panchayat elections have already been adopted .
the telephone connection of the petitioner , Voter letter , voter list of the family , ration card of the petitioner and the electrical letters of the petitioner reflect the address of the property in question , which in fact was the possession of the petitioner on the property in question .
2- The sole plaintiff Mst , Mst . Karmi Kunwar , had claimed the aforesaid relief , alleging that there were four sons and two daughters of Sonamarai sava , who were Raghu sava , Saukhi sava , Chambal sava , gundar sava , gale Sambhao , Phulabo Kunwar and Girio .
it is true that Ram Nath Das shall , in his place , acquire the possession of the properties and estates of the well - being and manage the affairs in the same manner as Mahanta Bandaranjan Das used to do in the lifetime of his son - in - law .
after discussing the scheme concepts of the provision , the Court had decided that where a policy is taken by the owner of the goods carriage , in the case of an employer the liability of the insurance company would be limited to the liability arising under the Act of 1923 .
while processing the passport , he returns the address of the original voter identity card and the PAN card and places copies of these documents , which are forged and misused by the staff of the company's aforesaid employees , by forging the signatures of the high - souvenirs .
according to the Rules and 2014 ( 3 ) PLJR 606 , as reported in , Baijnath Singh vs. State of Bihar and others , as per the order of this Court , only 20 marks can be added in the total marks of Intermediate , then only to be expunged .
10 . it would be relevant to mention here that the decision in the case of Smt . Leela Bai vs. State of Bombay ( supra ) was in relation to the provisions of the Bombay Land requisition Act , 1948 and not with regard to Land Acquisition Act , 1894 .
in the cross statement filed by the Insurance Company before the Tribunal , it is also not clear that the claim petition was filed by the appellants on account of mismatch between them as well as respondents No. 1 and 2 , the driver of the vehicle and the owner respectively .
it is this error , which is apparent on the face of the record , that is , reservation is provided in promotion by selection regarding post carrying salary of less than 1 5,700 per month , that leads to further error that such reservation scale in the matter of promotion .
so far as the partition deed is concerned , according to the learned counsel , there is in fact a memorandum of Ex.A is a division and not a partition deed as the previous oral partition has been mentioned in the memorandum of partition , hence it need not be registered .
in other words , the petitioners , that is to say , Ram Narayan will not be bound by the sale and other sale and the purchaser ( defendant nos . 2 and 3 ) shall not acquire title and , therefore , this property is also capable of being divided .
2017 ( 4 ) BLJ is of the said company , that is , the claimant to Sushila Sahai and Sanjay Sahai , at the time of the incident , and Dayanand Sahai had taken the place of the said claimants , who are the director and owner of the vehicle .
16- According to the aforesaid case of the prosecution , the very first witness to the demand of dowry is the son of the informant-, namely , Bhushan Kumar and her nephew , namely , Bansi Kumar , before whom the said demand of dowry was made by the accused persons .
13- In the case on hand , as per the allegations made in the complaint petition and the statements of the witnesses recorded prior to the charge , there is nothing on record to show that this petitioner had a fraudulent intention at the time of taking loan by her husband .
4- Prisoner of offences under the Indian Penal Code and other laws . ( 1 ) All offences under the Indian Penal Code shall be investigated , inquired into , tried and other proceedings in respect of all offences shall be carried out in accordance with the provisions hereinafter contained .
(a) the establishment of separate development boards for Vidarbha, Marathwada, 1[and the rest of Maharashtra or, as the case may be,] Saurashtra, Kutch and the rest of Gujarat with the provision that a report on the working of each of these boards will be placed each year before the State Legislative Assembly;
(b) where any money is provided by the Government of India to the Government of Nagaland to meet the requirements of the State of Nagaland as a whole, the Governor shall in his discretion arrange for an equitable allocation of that money between the Tuensang district and the rest of the State;
Provided that this condition shall not apply in respect of any undertaking which is formed as a result of the re-establishment, reconstruction or revival by the assessee of the business of any such undertakings as is referred to in section 33B, in the circumstances and within the period specified in that section;
Provided that this condition shall not apply in respect of any undertaking which is formed as a result of the re-establishment, reconstruction or revival by the assessee of the business of any such undertaking as is referred to in section 33B, in the circumstances and within the period specified in that section;
(iv) where a deduction is allowed for any previous year under this section in respect of expenditure represented wholly or partly by an asset, no deduction shall be allowed under clause (ii) of sub-section (1) of section 32 for the same or any other previous year in respect of that asset ;
Provided that there shall be excluded from such expenditure any portion thereof which is met directly or indirectly by any other person or authority and any sale, salvage, compensation or insurance moneys realised by the assessee in respect of any property or rights brought into existence as a result of the expenditure.
(b) "year of commercial production" means the previous year in which as a result of any operation relating to prospecting, commercial production of any mineral or any one or more of the minerals in a group of associated minerals specified in Part A or Part B, respectively, of the Seventh Schedule, commences;
(2) "sold" includes a transfer by way of exchange or a compulsory acquisition under any law for the time being in force but does not include a transfer, in a scheme of amalgamation, of any asset by the amalgamating company to the amalgamated company where the amalgamated company is an Indian company.
(5) The provisions of sections 44AA and 44AB shall not apply in so far as they relate to the business referred to in sub-section (1) and in computing the monetary limits under those sections, the gross receipts or, as the case may be, the income from the said business shall be excluded.
(3) The written down value of any asset used for the purpose of the business referred to in sub-section (1) shall be deemed to have been calculated as if the assessee had claimed and had been actually allowed the deduction in respect of the depreciation for each of the relevant assessment years.
(4) The provisions of sections 44AA and 44AB shall not apply in so far as they relate to the business referred to in sub-section (1) and in computing the monetary limits under those sections, the total turnover or, as the case may be, the income from the said business shall be excluded.
(e) the demutualisation or corporatisation of a recognised stock exchange in India is carried out in accordance with a scheme for demutualisation or corporatisation which is approved by the Securities and Exchange Board of India established under section 3 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (15 of 1992);
(xviii) any transfer by a unit holder of a capital asset, being a unit or units, held by him in the consolidating scheme of a mutual fund, made in consideration of the allotment to him of a capital asset, being a unit or units, in the consolidated scheme of the mutual fund:
(b) the aggregate amount of the deductions of income so allowed in respect of the previous year or years preceding such previous year, shall be deemed to be the income of the assessee of such previous year and shall be liable to tax in the assessment year relevant to such previous year.
Provided that this condition shall not apply in respect of an undertaking which is formed as a result of the re-establishment, reconstruction or revival by the assessee of the business of any such undertaking as is referred to in section 33B, in the circumstances and within the period specified in that section;
Provided that this condition shall not apply in respect of an undertaking which is formed as a result of the re-establishment, reconstruction or revival by the assessee of the business of any such undertaking as is referred to in section 33B, in the circumstances and within the period specified in that section;
Provided that this condition shall not apply in respect of an undertaking which is formed as a result of the re-establishment, reconstruction or revival by the assessee of the business of any such undertaking as referred to in section 33B, in the circumstances and within the period specified in the said section;
In the calculation of the means of the judgment-debtor for the purposes of clause (b), there shall be left out of account any property which, by or under any law or custom having the force of law for the time being in force, is exempt from attachment in execution of the decree
It is further argued that since the owner of the land, mentioned in the notification, is the State of Bihar and now the State of Jharkhand and therefore, the status of such lands would continue to be protected forest until denotified and deprotected by the competent authority of the Government of India.
At the same time, other ground of mala fide taken for assailing the order is also devoid of merit as the allegation of mala fide seem to be quite vague, as the petitioner has not come forward with the name of any person at whose instance, the impugned order has been passed.
At a particular stage of the incident, what is object of the unlawful assembly is a question of fact and that has to be determined keeping in view the nature of the assembly, the arms carried by the members and the behaviour of the members at or near the scene of incident."
2. Learned counsel appearing for the petitioner submits that the petitionerplaintiff filed a Title Suit bearing no. 148 of 2002 in the court of Munsif, Giridih for declaration of right, title and interest over a piece of land having a kachha house constructed by the plaintiff as well as confirmation of possession.
As noticed above, in the instant case, the court adopted second option and had ordered that it will proceed ex parte against defendant nos. 1 and 2. Thus in the instant case the learned court proceeded ex parte against defendant nos. 1 and 2 and finally passed ex parte decree against them.
9. Apart from the above, there is another releif claimed by the petitioners that the respondents, for the reason unknown, placed below the writ petitioners in the seniority list for which the tentative seniority list was published on 30th November, 2004 and petitioners have submitted their objection against that tentative seniority/gradation list.
The counsel for the petitioner and the counsel for the respondent-Union of India received a letter dated 13.7.2011 of the Union of India, a copy whereof is taken on record and it has been stated in Paragraph2 that there is no report of the misuse of the commercial transaction by the petitioner.
then , under that circumstance , the subject of gossips by the farmers in the middle of the month of November is not only unacceptible but also improbable because of the fact that the normal habit of persons belonging to the village is to sleep quickly and have to get up early .
however , apart from that , within the period of four weeks of valid service of notice , the appellant has to pay a sum of Rs.10,000 / - ( ten thousand rupees ) as a fine in the trial Court , failing which he shall undergo simple imprisonment for one year .
they threatened not to pay the remaining fee , the briefcase of the witness No. 1 was roped away from the briefcase in which Rs . 5000 were , took away Rs . 1 , 000 on the table of the complainant and had thrown the gullible files and the books below .
26- According to the discussions made above , due to the subsequent developments taking place during the pendency of this appeal due to the passage of time in the present case , in my opinion , it would be like to permit a dead horse to continue the case between the parties .
since the plaintiff's elder son , Rajniesh Bharati was required to be employed , a request was made by the plaintiff to vacate the premises by the defendant but the defendant instead of vacating the premises filed a petition under Section 20 of the Act for regularisation of proper rent .
23- On the other hand , in the case of Registrar General , High Court of Madras ( supra ) , the Supreme Court had held that the scope of judicial review in one case of transfer is limited and the High Court would not lightly interfere with the order of transfer .
11- Consequently , this Court does not find any merit in the writ application and the same is dismissed . Hon'ble Birendra Prasad Verma , J. Ravindra Kumar Singh and Anr . vs . Union of India and others , W.JJC No. 1133 of 2002 decided on 18th January , 2013 .
( C ) The right to pension of the employees of the University shall be accrued by them to their families on attaining the age of superannuation under the University or in the case of their death , and shall include the following : ( i ) monthly pension or marginal gratuity .
in support of the said proposition the learned counsel relies upon a decision of the Supreme Court in the case of M / s J.G. Engineers Pvt. Ltd . Vs . Union of India and another , AIR 2011 SC 2477 , wherein in paragraph 15 it is held as under :
learned counsel for the respondents submitted that the trial court has recorded a finding that the plaintiffs-respondents are in possession of the property , hence , in view of the judgment in case of Bharat Singh's case ( supra ) , this Court can give recognition to the possjudicial title .
18 . so far as the question of the second judgment , that is , Gauri Shankar and another vs. Joshi , ( supra ) is also the question of Family Trust and others ( supra ) , it will not apply as it relates to playing a fraud with the Court .
therefore , this Court is not at all impressed with the submission of Mr. Alam that as the said expression " on the basis of written examination taken in the school concerned " has not been published in the Manual of publication of Malhotra , it has to be ignored at all .
it was sought to be pleaded that the execution proceedings are different and separate from one suit proceedings and since the transfer in question has taken place at the stage of the execution proceedings , the bar of Order XXI of the Code would not apply to the case of the petitioner .
19- On a perusal of the deposition of PW-8 , it is quite clear that this witness had received only one injury on the head of Laxman Das and the deceased Lakshmana Das was having stitches in the wound of the deceased at the time of post-mortem examination of the dead body .
it was stated that as per the terms of the Mahabond , a sale deed was required to be executed on payment of the balance amount , i.e. , on payment of Rs . 25 , 000 , as a sale deed had already been paid for Rs . 15 , 000 .
18 . learned counsel for the appellant submitted that here the beneficiary Mehtath is not only Mahamaq but has also worked out to Sadhu and staffs as well as to the general public and , therefore , the beneficiary candidate is not a special group but the beneciaries belong to one community .
in the circumstances and in view of the aforesaid submissions raised by the learned counsel for the Views , this Court must first take into consideration the competence and desirability of this Court in deciding such cases , especially in view of the aforementioned judgment of a Division Bench of this Court .
( III ) That the petitioner submits that the pendency of the matter is an abuse of the process of the court and is also an violation of the provisions of the PC Act , besides being malafide and detrimental to the fundamental rights of the petitioner including the right to life .
15- A bare perusal of the aforesaid provisions would make it clear that it was the primary school being run by the District Council , District Board , Municipal Board and Patna Municipal Corporation which was deemed to have been adopted by the State Government with effect from 1st June , 1971 .
the said section is read as follows : 79 . appeal before the High Court . ( 1 ) An appeal shall be filed to the High Court on every such order of the Tribunal , if the High Court is satisfied that the case involves substantial questions of law .
since the disputed property belongs to a nostrils , it to the widow , and admittedly the three daughters of a friend , being sister , were not heir to a nostrils , in 1918 , the right of the property was extended to Anchi Devi after her death in her nostrils .
according to the evidence of the Doctor ( PW-3 ) , he had conducted post mortem examination on the dead body of Munni and found the following ante-mortem injuries : ( i ) Abrasion was found on the mouth and ankles of the nose and on the back side of the nose ;
in the case of such execution cases it is not mandatory to have transferred the same automatically under the provisions of Section 31A and only to be proceeded by the Tribunal , but it is a given liberty to the decree holder to apply to the Tribunal for recovery of the amount .
in the present case , with the effect of Section 3 of the 1985 Ordinance , the assets of the typhoid sugar factory , Motipur , Muzaffarpur had been acquired by the State Government and its assets had vested in the State Government on 21 August 1985 ( the due date ) .
if the State Government had revocation of the power of the District Council under Section 35 of the Naghat Act for the settlement of a public servant , it would only exclude the jurisdiction of the District Council and , thereafter , vest in the special possession of the Public Service Magistrate .
14- There is no application on the facts of the present case of Nand Kishore Prasad ( supra ) relied upon by the respondent as it pertained to the issue of examination of the records by the court if he was not satisfied with the language used in the order of dismissal .
5- Thus , on account of lack of prima facie case , appearing from Annexure-3 , the prosecution submitted appears to be vitiated and on account of this , FIR No. 184 of 2012 relating to the petitioner is hereby quashed , of Buxar Nagar Police Station Case No. 184 of 2012 .
Hon'ble Akhilesh Chandra , J. in Medserved Singh ( in 264 ) Trilok Narayan Singh @ Tripurbridge Narayan Singh and Ors . ( in 265 ) Versus State of Bihar ( in both ) Criminal Appeal ( J ) Nos. 264 with 245 of 2002 decided on 24th February , 2014 .
5- On behalf of the appellants , it is submitted that the judgment of conviction and sentence recorded by the learned trial court is bad in law as well as on facts because of the fact that the learned court below did not deal with the available loopholes in the prosecution case .
it is submitted that the story of the execution of the TamPublic Prosecutor has been falsified by the unrebutted documents ( Proif Series ) which shows that Abdul Shakoor had sold the properties to other persons , out of which , the Tamka had included the property mentioned in the public sale .
if a witness is shown to be interested in a criminal case or in the ultimate result of a civil suit , and he is shown to be deposing along with a view to influence the final result of the trial , then he may be said to be an interested witness .
12- On the part of the prosecution , rather than considering the evidence available on record , as presented on behalf of the prosecution , there exists any major defect on the record of the lower Court having an adverse effect and hence the same is being admitted for the first time .
during investigation of the above recorded case , he had received an information that some of the accused persons of the case had taken shelter in the house of appellant No. 4 Sukhdev Muni @ Sukhdev Singh Yadav @ doctor Singh Yadav and they were armed with gun and other dangerous weapons .
( para 5 ( c ) 28 - While allowing a Kishori Prasad to improve the qualification , the Bench failed to understand that the benefit of relaxation in qualification has not been given to male candidates by allowing them the said benefit of (2008 ( 2 ) PLJR 458 ) .
5- Procedure for obtaining applications . - ( a ) The District Officer approved by the Panchayat , will be called the General Assembly of the Panchayat for employment on contract , on receipt of vacancy against the sanctioned units of Panchayat Education Mitra for different reserved classes and those reserved classes .
8- The selected candidates may be employed by the Gram Panchayat for 11 months on contract within the following conditions , subject to the terms of reservation under the prescribed units approved by the District Magistrate . ( a ) The employment contract shall be on the basis of the employment contract .
Hon'ble NAVALRAM SINGH and Jitendra Mohan Sharma , JJ . Sheikh Shumud and Ors . ( in 188 ) Sheikh Ismail ( in 223 ) Versus State of Bihar ( in both ) Criminal Appeal ( DB ) Nos. 188 , 223 of 1991 . decided on 25th July , 2014 .
14 . therefore , in view of these very impressive evidences , i.e. , the oral evidence supported by documentary evidences , I find that the market value determined by the Land Acquisition Judge is just and fair and , therefore , the finding of the Land Acquisition Judge is hereby affirmed .
26- It cannot be accepted from the learned counsel appearing on behalf of the appellants that a situation arising at a particular time cannot remain the same and it may not be possible to keep pace with a class - wise or a life - wise changing situation after a few years .
thereafter , on 17.09.1997 , the present petition was filed by Smt . Rama Devi declaring that the land in question , from the acquisition proceedings initiated for the Board , was excluded and the action of the Board to make the pulling down of the house , is wholly without jurisdiction .
he further submits that all the establishments , including the office of the Advocate are bound by the provisions of the Act and , in the absence of any provision for reservation in accordance with Section 4 of the Act , the selection and appointment in question cannot be allowed to continue .
Mr. Vindhyachal Singh , learned counsel stressed that plea by the advocates in the Patna High Court is not restricted under the impugned Rules because according to the learned counsel Mr. Vindhyachal Singh , the impugned Rules is intended to regulate the aspect of practicing law in the Patna High Court only .
hence , I hold that in the impugned judgment the finding of the Court that the suit is barred by the principle of adverse possession is devoid of jurisdiction and will not act as res judicata as between the parties in any subsequent suit or proceeding in respect of the suit property .
the Statutes and the delegated legislation also have a presumption in favour of constitutionality , and it is only in case of a clear violation beyond reasonable doubt of the constitutional provision ( or the substantive law in the matter of a delegated legislation ) that the court should declare it unconstitutional .
here it appears that this witness , after perusal of the post mortem report or after seeing the dead body of his brother , deceased Rajan Kumar , had given a variable evidence that his brother did not have received firearms injuries and he was assaulted with a well made pistol .
in the case of Prem Thakur ( supra ) , we can at all rely on the expropriation of the Supreme Court that it was a pre-situation that the appellants before us , who were residents of the village , had committed both the murders and had disposed of the dead bodies .
aggrieved by the same , the State of Bihar had filed a revision petition before the Collector - cum - District Settlement Officer , Sukul through Revision Case No. 10 of 2013 ( Anarabad ) , State of Bihar through Amalee , Kishangpur , through Collector vs. Chaglan Sindhi and others ) .
36- On the above aspect of the matter , ( 2006 ) 11 SCC 420 , a report made out in Kailash vs. State of Madhya Pradesh , could be noticed , wherein the Supreme Court has observed as follows : 21 . the place of injury was on parital area .
it is argued that the demographic report 2001 has been made the basis of the report , but by weakening the relevance of this population report , it has also been accepted in the report that progressive development has taken place in the case of members of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes .
even at the risk of being perverse I would say that even if the material , such as a confessional statement , cannot be strictly evidence as per the Evidence Act , yet it is a material on which the Court can form an opinion that the accused has committed the crime .
the question , thus , whether it would be necessary for the Court to examine the documents sought to be filed as additional evidence or not would be more satisfying to pronounce the judgment , is to be considered by the courts at the time of hearing of the appeal on merits .
( VI ) On the expiry of a period of one month for the contribution of the characters for the appointment from the aforesaid 2413 candidates , the Committee shall obtain a District wise report of their contribution in the next month and ascertain the position of vacancy remaining in 2413 posts .
there is no dispute that left behind him three sons , including his widow and the husband of the plaintiff , the father - in - law of the plaintiff who had died in joint possession over a portion of the building allotted in the share of the father-in-law of the plaintiff .
22- Subject to the provisions of section 123 of the Bihar Panchayat Raj Act , 2006 , it is the State Election Commission , Bihar , which has the power of superintendence , direction and control over the entire electoral process relating to Panchayats and village courts in the State of Bihar .
on the day of occurrence , he had seen that the accused persons were going away from his house along with the house articles and jeevat as he was aggrieved by the complainant not to act with the complainant in transferring part of his ancestral property in the name of his wife .
7- In Jaki vs. Tiini @ Antony and Ors . , 2014 ( 6 ) SCC 508 , in the matter of trial of a case arising out of a suit , the jurisdiction of the High Court under Articles 226 and 227 of the Constitution of India was examined in detail .
in support of the aforesaid submission , learned counsel placed reliance on the decision of a Single Bench rendered in Birendra Singh Kushavelha vs. State of Bihar and Ors . , reported in 2013 ( 2 ) PLRs 927 ) (: 2012 ( 4 ) BPLJR 221 ( NHC ) ) .
2- The Governor of Bihar , in the given situation , orders that Shri Ram should be suspended from the taketime effect in the light of the provisions of Rule 9 ( 1 ) ( c ) of the Bihar Government Service ( classification , control and appeal ) Rules , 2005 .
the restriction imposed on the High Court while constituting Article 227 of the Constitution of India , that it may not have the power of superintendence over any judgment of the lower Court , which is otherwise not subject to appeal or revision to the High Court , has been taken away .
if there was no partition then it was the coparcenary property and the devolution of the property by the surviving principles of the husband of the plaintiff No.1 , that is , on the death of Rajman Noiya in the year 1920 , shall take place on the remainder of the coparceners .
however , it is the contention of the respondent State that with regard to the terms of a sale document executed by the petitioner , it came to their knowledge that the land was a major land and the petitioner had a decree of the Trial Court in support of the same .
advocate , M / s Aiza , Mehraj Agharif , J and F Hawk and F Kshad , F . J . and L ; F . App ; Mr . A . K . s . a . , In , P ; M / s and R Governor , applicant .
the first and the alternative , where the principal is absent , is consistent with Section 170 of the Act by substituting the status of the owner and secondly , there is a statutory option notwithstanding the presence of the owner in terms of Section 149 ( 2 ) of the Act .
the setting up of a permanent Court of Justice means the handling of necessary service while the Lok Adalat is an authority vested in the power to decide the case on a compromise other than the necessary service , which also takes place at the bar in its ambit .
( 8 ) In case of disagreement with the report or conclusion of the Board , the Collector shall , after recording the reasons for the dissent , make such inquiries after giving the parties concerned a reasonable opportunity of being heard , as he may consider necessary and on being satisfied that
where the functions are assigned to a Minister and are held by an office bearer employed in the department of the Ministry , there is no delegation to the law because the act or decision of the office of the office bearer is the act or decision of the Minister constitutionally " .
in the circumstances stated hereinabove , the State of Haryana and others vs. Bhajan Lal and others , AIR 1992 SC 604 , is a wholly unconscionable prosecution under one of the illustrations mentioned in the judgment of the Hon'ble Apex Court , which is a case of civil dispute .
13- Mr. Arora , learned senior counsel further submitted that no reliable evidence has been produced by the plaintiff , except bare statement of the plaintiff and the witnesses of the plaintiff , but the learned lower Court has recorded a wrong finding by placing the oral evidence in a wrong manner .
6- Having considered the nature of the contention and the arguments submitted , I do not consider it necessary to go into the complicated details of the contention as the contention is limited to the interpretation of Section 6 of the Act and the interpretation of the extent of delegation emanating therefrom .
according to the petitioners , by the time the Peggu gosp had surrendered the land in favour of former intermediaries , there had been a collective division between the former intermediaries , but inadvertently the land in question was shown as a Bihari cow in the division of the land in question .
for the purpose of his selection , the names were asked for from the District Labour Employment Office , Bhagalpur and for attending the interview and passing through a selection process , he was issued an interview sheet which was to take place at any time in the process September , 1985 .
( 3 ) For the purposes of this section , the period of limitation in relation to offences which may be tried together shall be determined with reference to the offence which is punishable with the more severe punishment or , as the case may be , the most severe punishment . 
in the case of M / s . Maidchal Chemicals and Pharma Co . Ltd. vs. M / s Biological E Limited reported in AIR 2000 SC 1869 , it has been held thus : the remedy of both criminal law and Civil Law can be followed in a variety of circumstances .
accordingly , we direct the State Excise authorities to open the seal of the premises of the petitioner's company as well as open the seal of the premises of the premises of the premises of the petitioner so as to effectively use the premises of the petitioner within one week .
24 . the conclusion of the above discussion is that the bar contained in Section 195 ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) of the Code does not apply to the case where the forgery of the document was committed before it is produced in the Court of a document .
( 2 ) The recommendation of the European Council on the situation of victim in the criminal law and procedure as per the procedure for criminal justice issued by the European Forum for the services of the victims in 1985 . ( 3 ) In 1996 states the rights of the victims .
it is on the same fact basis that the Supreme Court had laid down that the High Court can exercise its jurisdiction under Section 482 of the Code only when there is a very palpable error by the trial court while framing the charge and / or when the order is perverse .
in case of non-availability of required number of eligible teachers who may possess the degree of Master's Degree in Grade IV of Rs . 4600 / - ( Grade Pay of Rs . 4200 / - ) , promotions would be provided to such teachers who would grade the grade .
3- By this review petition , the respondent no . 9 of the Letters Patent Appeal submits that there was a blemished on the Table on record as it was in Letters Patent Appeal that the earlier judgment on the Division Bench of the Government and on this issue was also attached .
27 . therefore , in view of the above , all matters relating to offences under the Act pending in the courts below , whether before cognizance or after cognizance , shall be transferred immediately to a special court established or specified under the Act or to a special court of law .
( 2 ) Notwithstanding anything contained in sub-section ( 1 ) , no petition for nullifying the marriage shall be entertained on the ground mentioned in clause ( a ) of sub-section ( 1 ) on the ground mentioned in clause ( c ) of that sub-section in the case in which
if any such situation is pointed out by the accused and such documents are actually forwarded to the Court , would it not be the liability of the Court to make available such documents to the accused , irrespective of the fact that they are not marked and exhibited by the prosecution ?
During the first three financial years after the commencement of this Constitution, the same grants, if any, shall be made by the Union and by each State for the benefit of the Anglo-Indian community in respect of education as were made in the financial year ending on the thirty-first day of March, 1948.
(8) in the case of an individual who is assigned to duties in India in connection with any co-operative technical assistance programmes and projects in accordance with an agreement entered into by the Central Government and the Government of a foreign State (the terms whereof provide for the exemption given by this clause) 
(a) any remuneration or fee received by him or it, directly or indirectly, out of the funds made available to an international organisation [hereafter referred to in this clause and clause (8B) as the agency] under a technical assistance grant agreement between the agency and the Government of a foreign State ; and
(i) pension received by an individual who has been in the service of the Central Government or State Government and has been awarded "Param Vir Chakra" or "Maha Vir Chakra" or "Vir Chakra" or such other gallantry award as the Central Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, specify in this behalf;
(23BBD) any income of the Secretariat of the Asian Organisation of the Supreme Audit Institutions registered as "ASOSAI-SECRETARIAT" under the Societies Registration Act, 1860 (21 of 1860) for ten previous years relevant to the assessment years beginning on the 1st day of April, 2001 and ending on the 31st day of March, 2011;
(ii) "convertible foreign exchange" means foreign exchange which is for the time being treated by the Reserve Bank of India as convertible foreign exchange for the purposes of the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 (42 of 1999), and any rules made thereunder or any other corresponding law for the time being in force;
(ii) "convertible foreign exchange" means foreign exchange which is for the time being treated by the Reserve Bank of India as convertible foreign exchange for the purposes of the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 (42 of 1999), and any rules made thereunder or any other corresponding law for the time being in force;
(a) "convertible foreign exchange" means foreign exchange which is for the time being treated by the Reserve Bank of India as convertible foreign exchange for the purposes of the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 (42 of 1999), and any rules made thereunder or any other corresponding law for the time being in force;
(5) The provisions of sub-section (8) and sub-section (10) of section 80-IA shall, so far as may be, apply in relation to the industrial undertaking referred to in this section as they apply for the purposes of the industrial undertaking referred to in section 80-IA or section 80-IB, as the case may be.
(i) an individual who transfers otherwise than for adequate consideration any house property to his or her spouse, not being a transfer in connection with an agreement to live apart, or to a minor child not being a married daughter, shall be deemed to be the owner of the house property so transferred;
Explanation. For the removal of doubts, it is hereby declared that the amount paid on account of the cost of repairs referred to in sub-clause (i), and the amount paid on account of current repairs referred to in sub-clause (ii), of clause (a), shall not include any expenditure in the nature of capital expenditure.
Provided further that for the relevant assessment years com-mencing on or after the 1st day of April, 2003 and ending before the 1st day of April, 2005, the provisions of the first proviso shall have effect as if for the words "five per cent", the words "ten per cent" had been substituted :
(c) any sums paid by the assessee, being a company, in the previous year as donations to the Indian Olympic Association or to any other association or institution established in India, as the Central Government may, having regard to the prescribed guidelines, by notification in the Official Gazette, specify in this behalf for 
Provided that where, in the opinion of the Assessing Officer, the computation of the profits and gains of the industrial undertaking or the business of the hotel in the manner hereinbefore specified presents exceptional difficulties, the Assessing Officer may compute such profits and gains on such reasonable basis as he may deem fit.
(1) Where the defendant has been allowed a set-off 1[or counter-claim] against the claim of the plaintiff, the decree shall state what amount is due to the plaintiff and what amount is due to the defendant, and shall be for the recovery of any sum which appears to be due to either party.
(1) The [High Court] may, by notification in the Official Gazette, direct with respect to any Judge specified in the notification, or falling under a description set forth therein, that evidence in cases in which an appeal is allowed shall be taken down by him in the English language and in manner prescribed.
The Hon'ble High Court of Delhi vide order dated 21.09.2017 passed in C.P. No. 222/2015 appointed the Official liquidator as the provisional liquidator of the company and directed the Official Liquidator to publish the advertisement of petition. The next date of hearing in the said petition is fixed for 18.07.2018 at 10:30 AM.
In that situation there was no need for lodging a fresh FIR because recovery of the said Maruti Van" in the alleged accident was also the subject matter of investigation of the previous case and hence the institution of fresh case against the owner of the vehicle for the same cause was unwarranted.
15- On a perusal of the evidence available on record , it is apparent that the alleged occurrence had taken place on the land measuring 35 acres of decimals , bearing Plot No. 4303 , situated at Village Goas Nagar , Police Station , Saadpur , District Sitharhi , bearing Khata bearing No.906 .
5- Before considering the evidence adduced on behalf of the applicant , this Court shall record that in both the affidavits filed on behalf of the daughters Smt . Smriti Singh and Smt . Pirthi Singh , they have clearly stated that the applicant is their brother and the testator was their father .
it is not a case where the top functionaries of the police were in any way involved in the commission of offences , etc . , as was the case before the Supreme Court in the case of State of West Bengal or Babuuddin Sheikh or the State of Punjab ( supra ) .
when there is a judgment of acquittal , there is force in this presumption and in the aforesaid background , it has been a relevant judicial decision that in the event of two views being possible from the evidence on record , the view taken in favour of the accused should be accepted .
so far as the material question framed of law is concerned , it may be mentioned here that from the judgment of the original court as well as the appellate court , I do not find that any title has been declared in favour of the defendant or in favour of the plaintiff .
20 . the fee of hearing be paid to Mr. Jitender Narayan Sinha , learned Amicus Curiae , by the Patna High Court Legal Services Committee who has examined the appellants in the appeal on behalf of Munshi Prem Chand Singh and Gopal Singh in Criminal Appeal ( J ) No.247 of 1995 .
12- In the case of Hero Vinod ( Mina ) vs. Sesamal ( 2006 ) 5 SCC 545 , the Supreme Court had held that the use of the document involving the statutory effect of the terms of a document or application of any principle of law is a material question of law .
it is true that at the time of the charge , the only requirement is to see whether a prima facie case is made out or not , but also , on the basis of the material on record , the court is satisfied that the prosecution has been started with mala fide .
9- It is also not clear from the evidence of the prosecution witnesses as to how the seized prohibited material was kept in the column of police station during the period from 06.04.2009 to 20.05.2009 , as to how the same was dealt with with with in the column of the police station .
when put in different words , the Civil Court provides the provisions of the Act and the Judicial Officer , who is not a district regenerate , has the jurisdiction to grant probate or letters of administration in the matter in dispute , who may be absent to him under the Succession Act .
( I ) After the instalment of the bid / tender amount or the payment of the sum of money set out for 7 years , a stone terminal licence will be renewed for use of the crew up to the credit of Rs . 5 , 000 each year for 13 years .
2- It is not in dispute that when the petitioner was in service , he came to know of the disease of Renal Cell Carinoma , as a result of which he was treated in the Military Hospital at Pune and , thereafter , he was shifted to the Military Hospital at Pune .
it is in these special circumstances , where a remedy is provided under the provisions of Order 9 Rule 13 of the Code , the Apex Court held that the power exercised under Section 151 of the Code was not in accordance with law because specific remedy was available to the concerned party .
in the present case , the doubt on behalf of the University is in conflict with the well established principles of law reiterated by the Court from time to time , despite which the statutory authority and bodies continue to lift the same representatives and countless times have been discarded by the Court .
it is submitted by learned counsel for the respondents that the petitioner was a responsible office bearer of the respondent bank working as Assistant Branch Manager and the items of charges in respect of financial irregularity have been found proved by the Inquiry Officer on examination of the materials submitted by the parties .
( III ) That the petitioners submit that the pendency of the matter is an abuse of the process of the court and is also an violation of the provisions of the PC Act , apart from being malevolent and detrimental to the fundamental rights of the petitioner including the right to life .
5- The document produced is a formal FIR Ext.A , which is the handwriting of PW-6 on a post mortem report , Ext . 2 to 2 / 5 on the bed head ticket and the signature is Ex . 3 , there is a fardbeyan , Ext.4 , formal first information report .
in cross-examination , he states that nobody from the neighbourhood except him had gone to the place of incident , which again makes all the completely believers , as it has been stated in the FIR itself that there were some neighbours including this witness who had gone to the place of occurrence .
therefore , in my opinion , considering the plea and admission of the defendants that it is only 17 ft. and 12 feet , it is not desirable to remand the matter for consideration in this regard as to whether the need of the plaintiff by partial expulsion would be fulfilled or not .
so far as the other decision , viz . , AIR 1991 PC 183 ( the question of Mst . Saahmad vs. Mohesuddin ) appears to be that in that case the gift deed was in lieu of mehr loan , hence it is held that the gift deed is a void document .
plaintiff No.2 , Mohd . Raza Khan and PW-6 have also admitted in their deposition in para 34 that the suit land is not mentioned in the judgment of the High Court of Judicature at Calcutta in Suit No. 01 / 1890 and also in the judgment of Hon'ble Calcutta High Court .
it is not on the issue that the party to the agreement was a General Manager of the project , as is evident from the award contained in Appendix II , the miscellaneous matters and the impugned order passed in the case under Section 34 of the Act on the Appendix 4 series .
14 . in view of this position of law laid down by the Division Bench , Vatika and Bathwadi , in my opinion , also included in the definition of land as defined under Section 2 ( 9 ) of the Bihar Jote Consolidation and Prevention of Fragmentation Act , 1956 .
the main strength of the submission of the learned counsel was on paras 16 , 19 and 21 of the latter judgment , which are in the following terms : 16 . the privilege of mandamus is bound only to public authorities to compel the execution of a writ of public liability .
this witness has also stated in paragraphs 9 and 10 of his cross-examination that his son Ram entrance used to go to the residence of the matrimonial house of Bidti at the intervals of three to four days and one day prior to his death , Ram entry was taken to his in-laws .
there was no gate at the main entrance and on entering the house , there were two rooms in the forecourt and the courtyard , there were pieces of wood in the northern room and there was a bamboo door in the southern room in which Jagnatha used to live with his wife .
it is further submitted that the case of the prosecution has been disbelieved primarily on the ground that there is double writing on the relevant portion in the fardbeyan which indicates that there is a projection at the time of recording of the fardbeyan as well as at the time of the incident .
the Tribunal , on a careful reading of the records and after hearing the parties , had agreed with the view taken by the Block Development Officer that due to complete unwarranted and unconstitutional process adopted by the Selection Committee , the entire selection process implemented by the respondents was vitiated in law .
the learned trial court had arrived at a specific finding that the plaintiff had failed to prove his possession and title over the suit property and apart , even the oral and documentary evidence produced by the defendants , belies the claim of the plaintiff's title and possession to the suit property .
20- In the impugned advertisement , the clause regarding the actual occurrence of driving of a vehicle , more or less , is in consonance with the Government Rules whereas a driving licence of both the light motor vehicle and the heavy motor vehicle is required as per the guidelines of the ICRA .
in order to release these teachers till 30 . 9 . 2007 , the decision of the Central Government was communicated to the Principal Secretary , Department of Health on 22 . 8 . 2007 by the Department of Home Affairs , Government of Bihar , otherwise would be deemed to be void .
according to him , in June 2009 , he had learnt that the Committee had already submitted its report , but in good faith , he had waited for the implementation of the said report for one and a half year before treating the present contempt petition together with the appropriate writ petition .
in the said affidavit , it is also clearly stated that in terms of the decision of the Government dated 08.07.2013 , relating to relaxation of age to candidates in the above age , appropriate steps in regard to the same shall be taken in the light of the decision of this Court .
in this regard , the petitioners have placed reliance on the past practice in connection with appointment to the post of pharmacist at the district level , where only 20 per cent marks for oral interview were fixed and the remaining marks were granted on the basis of academic performance of the candidates .
88 . on the other hand , Mr. Verma , learned counsel for the writ petitioner submitted that there will be no question of vesting of jurisdiction by this Court to the District Magistrate , as the District Magistrate was required to act in accordance with the law as established by this Court .
14- So far as the maintainability of the second FIR is the question of maintainability , in view of the liberty conferred by this Court in the earlier round of proceedings in Criminal Miscellaneous No. 13966 of 2012 , of which a copy is placed on Annexure I , the property is misconceived .
Hon'ble Dharanidhar Jha and Amresh Kumar Lal , JJ . Ashok Doms , ( in 129 ) , Ganesh Dom and another ( in 155 ) Versus State of Bihar ( in both ) Criminal Appeal ( DB ) Nos. 129 to 155 of 1991 . decided on 17th July , 2014 .
be it noted that the draft which learned counsel for the petitioner Mr. P.C. Agarwal who has brought before this Court should be returned to them so that he may , subject to the leave of the Court , submit the draft to the advocate of the opposition no.2 in the lower court .
since there was no distinction between the date of the commission of the offence and / or the small quantity and the commercial quantity on the date of conviction , the question of granting lesser punishment because of the provisions of the Amending Act , in our considered opinion , would not arise .
the learned Inspection Judge had allegedly directed the same to be examined and on the basis of the report received from the Special Duty Officer and Registrar ( Vigilance ) , the matter was directed to be placed before the Standing Committee on the directions issued by the then Hon'ble Chief Justice .
it is further the case that the cap of Mueshwar Masuri fell down on the spot when he was still running at the scene of occurrence , which was still at the place of occurrence and that in the light of the lanterns and torch , the informant-in-law had identified the accused persons .
122 . we reiterate that the essential factors such as the upper limit of 50 per cent , the concept and backwardness of the sports category , the inadequacy of representation and the overall administrative efficiency , are constitutional requirements without which the structure of opportunity for equality in Article 16 shall ensue .
as a result , the power of superintendence vested in the High Court has not been extended , but it is also an instrument to ensure that the Court acts within its jurisdiction in accordance with the established procedure of law in order to have faith in the judicial system of the people .
if the answer to this question is in the affirmative , it may be said that such act was committed by the public servant while acting in the discharge of his official duty and there was a complete connection between the act complained of and the official duty of the public servant . 
5- considering the fact that the appellant is admittedly found to be unworthy of review by the Medical Board , we are of the opinion that the decision of the respondents to not recruit the appellant in the facts and circumstances of the present case cannot be said to be illegal or inappropriate .
7- Having heard the parties , this Court disposes of the same by permitting the petitioner to invoke the remedy referred to in law and order of the Tribunal ( Annexure 4 ) in paragraph 12 of the Order of the Tribunal , rejecting the relief sought to be urged in the application .
learned counsel , however , ignored the fact that the chief evidence of all the doctors is that the injuries as understood in question could be caused by the keys of the revolver and causing it to be caused by a sharp end weapon would cause a incised wound like a incised wound .
thereafter , Dr. Kim Hussain had married Sama Khatun and out of the aforesaid marriage , he was also blessed with five sons and a daughter who is also Saima Hussain , Kasim Hussain , Abid Hussain , Zahid Hussain , Nasjra Hussain , Taslim , Taslim . ( all the plaintiffs ) .
since as per the first information report , the incident had occurred in the shop of the informator , but the witnesses claim that the incident was occurred in the south of the courtyard of the plain , which is at a distance of about 25 yards in the north of the shop .
the standard of examination and the judgment of the examination , which is ultimately to be applied , before recording the finding as regards guilt or otherwise of the accused , is not to be applied exactly at the stage of deciding the case under Section 227 or Section 228 of the Code .
on the other hand , most of the cases referred to earlier herein were reversed on account of the peculiar facts and circumstances of those cases either because the recipient had retired or had retired or was on the verge of retirement or placed down in the lower ranks in the administrative hierarchy .
their Lordships of the Hon'ble Eakwal Ahmed Ansari and Samarendra Pratap Singh , JJ . Ram Avtar Rai and Ors . ( in both ) Versus State of Bihar ( in both ) Criminal Appeal ( DB ) Nos. 451 , 527 of 1993 . decided on 21ST May , 2015 .
as per the scheme of the provisions of Sections 154 , 155 , 156 , 157 , 162 , 169 , 170 and 173 of the Code , only the earliest or the first information in regard to the commission of a cognizable offence satisfies the requirements of Section 154 of the Code .
no doubt , there is a case of the complainant that it was a case of the deceased being caught and chosen for ill-treatment and he was beaten by a police constable at the very instance and at their instance at the police station in charge of the appellant and Fulabazar police station .
in support of his above argument , he has placed reliance on the judgment of the Hon'ble Supreme Court in the case of Bhagwan Das and others vs. State of U.P. and others (( 2010 ) 3 SCC 545 ) , particularly paras 19 , 28 , 30 and 36 .
in such circumstances , when this witness did not provide a detailed description of the police at the earliest opportunity and on such crucial point , the guilt of the Investigating Officer , at such crucial point , has caused loss to the appellant , we shall decide the same against the prosecution .
it is the case of the petitioner that after submission of the final report , the learned Magistrate took cognizance of the offences under Sections 363 , 366-A / 34 of the Indian Penal Code , keeping in conflict with the police report and the matter was sent to the Court of Session .
89 . 01 . the submission is that though there is a right to provide punishment to the legislature for violation of the provisions of the rules made by the legislature , the procedure and punishments are fair and not very harsh as it would be violative of Article 21 of the Constitution .
moreover , the existence of a responding case and the absence of one another of the parties to the same would not come within the ambit of the principle as laid down under the aforesaid passage as these are unrebutted documents with the fact that the findings are yet to come .
on both these issues , the Trial Court as well as the Appellate Court have recorded concurrent findings that the plaintiff has failed to establish any default in payment of rent by the defendant , to the bona fide and reasonable personal needs of the suit accommodation and also to the claimed compensation .
it is the case of the plaintiff that after the death of her father-in-law , there was a partition between their descendants and in the said partition , the mother-in-law of the plaintiff was allotted a western part of the building and the eastern part was allotted to the husband of the plaintiff .
the report of the Protection Officer also indicates that the house in question is recorded in the name of the opponent no . 2 and the Protection Officer while recording the statement of the petitioner has recorded that the petitioner is not inclined to allow the informant to stay in the said house .
5- Mr. Mishra , learned counsel appearing on behalf of the appellant , submitted that the learned Single Judge should not have entertained the writ application filed by the head of the Gram Panchayat , as he could not be said to be a party aggrieved by the order of the learned Tribunal .
during the cross-examination , amongst others , in paragraph 4 , the appellant had cross-examined this witness on the pattern of occurrence which he had at length told that at the time of the incident , she was a child , hence , he did not remember a version , but was bleeding .
from the role of the Rules of 2010 and the provisions contained therein , it is apparent that the only object of framing the Rules of 2010 under the proviso to Article 309 of the Constitution of India was to fill the said 34 , 540 posts as a tool for one time .
thus , subject to verification by the respondents , no further liability of tax on the same was left to be discharged by Hon'ble Rakesh Kumar , J. Shindesh Kumar Karan vs. State of Bihar and others CJ . C . No. 452 of 2011 . decided on 11th January , 2016 .
( a ) that a person is an antisocial element , and ( b ) ( i ) his movements or acts in the district or in any part of the district are causing or refer to the persons or property to cause alarm , danger or damage to persons or property ; or
the grievance of the writ petitioner , who is the only private respondent herein , was that he had applied to the Bihar School Examination Committee ( for short 'the Committee' ) for rectification of the date of his birth as recorded in the capillary certificate , which has been denied .
( IV ) Where death results as a result of such failure or contravention , it shall be punishable with imprisonment for a term which shall not be less than seven years but which may extend to imprisonment for life and also with fine which shall not be less than ten lakh rupees .
Hon'ble Anjana Prakash and Rajendra Kumar Mishra , JJ . Malda Devi and others ( in 439 ) , Bijay Kumar Sinha ( in 436 ) Versus State of Bihar ( in both ) Criminal Appeal ( DB ) Nos. 439 with 436 of 2002 . decided on 4th July , 2016 .
below the skin , emphyscan be an emphysema , if the lungs are also torn with limerry pleura and show a specific seal of air on the face , neck and vessels of the chest , and can also be seen in cutting or tear of the linked trachea of the infected Mediatinus .
the father and husband of the owner of the vehicle does not fall within the ambit of the post within Section 147 of the Motor Vehicles Act , the insurer would be liable to cover all the risk of a third party and not of others who would otherwise fall within her ambit .
4- The facts , as appearing from the record , show that in a festival under the Societies Registration Act , 1860 and the Rules framed thereunder , the petitioner organization was , at any time in the year 1971 ( 4 ) BLJ International Social Service Organisation , 2017 ( 4 ) .
7- Reading the provisions providing for a specified mode of promotion from the Reader to the post of a Professor will show that in the matter of promotion from the Reader , the carry on of the post of Professor has been amply rewarded with the concept of a time bound promotion scheme .
28- apparently , the judgment of the Trial Court has gone in favour of this petitioner-appellant because of the intervening circumstances , where the appellant would have probably influenced the witnesses and the family of the victim , who are all co rural , and as usually accompanied by the passage of time .
that apart , in my opinion , there was no need for that person to be added as a party to the suit of money , who had thus rendered the opposite party no.1 disabled , as the claim of opposite party No. 1 is only for the recovery of the consideration amount .
11- In the instant case , right from the complaint petition , it is apparent that after negotiating the deal with petitioner no . 2 , ten lakhs rupees have been transferred by the complainant to the account of petitioner no . 1 , which fact has been accepted by the petitioners also .
17 . we are of the opinion that an appeal shall lie before the High Court against any order recorded by the Special Court granting bail or refusing bail in terms of Section 14-A ( 2 ) of the Act or the Special Court , or the Supreme Court within , on 26.01.2016 .
Hon'ble Rajendra Menon , Chief Justice and Sudhir Singh , J. Hon'ble Dr. Rajendra Prasad Milk Producers Co - operative Union Limited and another Vs . State of Bihar and others LPA No. 386 of 2016 AIR 2016 SC 1028 of 2005 . decided on 20th March , 2017 .
39. Powers, privileges and immunities of the Legislative Assembly and of the members and the committees thereof, and, if there is a Legislative Council, of that Council and of the members and the committees thereof; enforcement of attendance of persons for giving evidence or producing documents before committees of the Legislature of the State.
(3) A nominated member of a House shall be disqualified for being a member of the House if he joins any political party after the expiry of six months from the date on which he takes his seat after complying with the requirements of article 99 or, as the case may be, article 188.
Provided that where the question which has arisen is as to whether the Chairman or the Speaker of a House has become subject to such disqualification, the question shall be referred for the decision of such member of the House as the House may elect in this behalf and his decision shall be final.
(b) directed towards disclaiming, questioning or disrupting the sovereignty and territorial integrity of India or bringing about cession of a part of the territory of India or secession of a part of the territory of India from the Union or causing insult to the Indian National Flag, the Indian National Anthem and this Constitution;
(ii) in the case of any other concern, if such person is entitled, or such person and one or more of the other persons referred to in sub-section (3) are entitled in the aggregate, at any time during the previous year, to not less than twenty per cent of the profits of such concern.
(iii) a member of a co-operative society, company or other association of persons to whom a building or part thereof is allotted or leased under a house building scheme of the society, company or association, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be the owner of that building or part thereof ;
Provided that where such assessee is a firm, or any association of persons or any body of individuals, the deduction under this section shall not be allowed in the computation of the income of any partner, or as the case may be, any member of such firm, association of persons or body of individuals:
Provided that the provisions of this sub-section shall not apply in the case of an assessee being an Indian company, in respect of any machinery or plant installed by it in premises used by it as a hotel, where the hotel is for the time being approved in this behalf by the Central Government.
(4) Notwithstanding anything contained in sub-section (3), where any amount standing to the credit of the assessee in the special account or in the Deposit Account is released during any previous year by the National Bank or withdrawn by the assessee from the Deposit Account, and such amount is utilised for the purchase of 
33ABA. (1) Where an assessee is carrying on business consisting of the prospecting for, or extraction or production of, petroleum or natural gas or both in India and in relation to which the Central Government has entered into an agreement with such assessee for such business, has before the end of the previous year 
Provided that the research association, university, college or other institution referred to in clause (ii) or clause (iii) shall make an application in the prescribed form and manner to the Central Government for the purpose of grant of approval, or continuance thereof, under clause (ii) or, as the case may be, clause (iii) :
Provided further that this section shall not apply to the person, who derives income of the nature referred to in section 44B or section 44BBA, on and from the 1st day of April, 1985 or, as the case may be, the date on which the relevant section came into force, whichever is later :
Provided that where there is no trading in such asset on such exchange on the 31st day of January, 2018, the highest price of such asset on such exchange on a date immediately preceding the 31st day of January, 2018 when such asset was traded on such exchange shall be the fair market value;
Provided that, if in any case any amount borrowed on a hundi has been deemed under the provisions of this section to be the income of any person, such person shall not be liable to be assessed again in respect of such amount under the provisions of this section on repayment of such amount.
(2) Where any amount standing to the credit of the assessee in a fund, referred to in sub-section (1) in respect of which a deduction has been allowed under sub-section (1), together with the interest or bonus accrued or credited to the assessee's account, if any, is received by the assessee or his nominee 
(i) in respect of the goods or merchandise manufactured or processed by the assessee, be the amount which bears to the adjusted profits of the business, the same proportion as the adjusted export turnover in respect of such goods bears to the adjusted total turnover of the business carried on by the assessee; and
Provided that this condition shall not apply in respect of an industrial undertaking which is formed as a result of the re-establishment, reconstruction or revival by the assessee of the business of any such industrial undertaking as is referred to in section 33B, in the circumstances and within the period specified in that section;
80P. (1) Where, in the case of an assessee being a co-operative society, the gross total income includes any income referred to in sub-section (2), there shall be deducted, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of this section, the sums specified in sub-section (2), in computing the total income of the assessee.
(1) Where any question put to a witness is objected to by a party or his pleader in proceedings before a Commissioner appointed under this Order, the Commissioner shall take down the question, the answer, the objections and the name of the party or, as the case may be, the pleader so objecting :
(a) The bio-medical waste disposal in the Eco-sensitive Zone shall be carried out in accordance with the BioMedical Waste Management Rules, 2016 published by the Government of India in the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change vide Notification Number GSR 343 (E), dated the 28th March, 2016 as amended from time to time.
Interpretation by the JET that it will have the control over the management is absolutely wrong since the management is the sole authority to take decision in the affairs of the Institution including enhancement of fees etc. and, therefore, in my view, the hike in fees is also an exclusive domain of the management.
